processes contain a series of steps, represented by shapes, that determine how data is run within the system. to add shapes to a process, drag them from the shapes palette onto the process canvas. note: processes can contain a maximum of 250 shapes and notes. if adding a shape to the process can cause you to exceed the limit, you will receive a warning and you cannot paste the shape into the process. see the process shape reference topic linked below to learn what each type of shape does and how to configure it. about this taskyou can add shapes to your process in one of two ways. from the shapes palette or from the inline builder. procedurefrom the shapes palette: from the palette to the left of the process canvas, chose from the three shape types execute, logic, or connect to see the available shapes. choose your desired shape and drag it on to the canvas. your selected shape is not visible on the canvas and can be configured. from the inline builder: on the process canvas, click on the plus sign. this will show you a list of available shapes and connectors you can choose from, along with recommendations based on previously used shapes. when you use this method, shapes connect automatically. the step will be automatically added and connected to your process. you can configure these by clicking the "configure" icon under your step. optional: type a name for the shape or step in the display name field. the name appears below the shape icon on the process canvas. configure the shape as needed. after you complete the dialog, click ok. the shape appears on the canvas. if the shape is missing a required configuration, you will see the icon and the word configure below the shape. repeat steps 1-5 to add more shapes. to reconfigure a shape or to select a different component, do one of the following: click the shape’s icon. pause on the shape and click configure click the configure link below the icon. the configuration dialog opens. configure the shape, then click ok. click save.