you can set field size, data format options, and qualifiers for data objects in a json profile. procedurecreate or open a json profile and go to the data elements tab.click the root element, then on the right side of the page, select one of the following value types: simple array (repeating) array (absolute) object the value type that you select for the root element (or for any array element or object entry) determines whether you can add arrays, array elements, objects, object entries and/or instance identifiers to it. if you change the value type later, all existing child nodes will be deleted. after you have added a simple element, you can do any of the following: change the simple element’s name. set field size options, set data format options and add qualifiers. after you have added an array (repeating) element, an array with one array element is added to it. you can do any of the following: change the repeating array element’s name. change the repeating array’s name. change the repeating array element’s name. change the repeating array element’s value type. set the min occurs and/or max occurs fields for the repeating array element. if you change the repeating array element’s value type to simple, you can set field size options, set data format options and add qualifiers. add an instance identifier to a repeating array element by clicking its blue arrow and selecting add instance identifier. after you have added an array (absolute) element, an array is added to it. you can do any of the following: change the absolute array element’s name. change the absolute array’s name. add an array element to an absolute array by clicking its blue arrow and selecting add array element. change an absolute array element’s name. change an absolute array element’s value type. select or clear the absolute array element’s required check box.if an absolute array contains a sequence of elements and you select required for one of its elements, required is cleared for all other elements that precede it in the array sequence.if you clear required for one of the elements in the sequence, required is cleared for any elements for which required is selected that follow that element in the sequence. if you change the absolute array element’s value type to simple, you can set field size options, set data format options and add qualifiers. delete an absolute array element by clicking its blue arrow and selecting delete array element. after you have added an object element, an object is added to it. you can do any of the following: change the object element’s name. change the object’s name. delete the object. add an object entry to an object by clicking its blue arrow and selecting add object entry. change an object entry’s value type. if you change the object entry’s value type to simple, you can set field size options, set data format options and add qualifiers. delete an object entry by clicking its blue arrow and selecting delete object. click save.