you can modify the data elements in an edi profile. procedurecreate an edi profile.select the user defined standard and select the file options.click the data elements tab.click the blue arrow next to the header, summary, or detail loop to which you want to add segment(s) or loop(s).select one of the following: add child segment add child loop a new segment or loop appears in the tree. select one of the following: add multiple child segments add multiple child loops the how many dialog opens. select the number of segments or loops to add and then click ok.after adding a segment, you can: add one or more child data elements.to add a data element component (called a composite) specify the composite’s data name as the data element name, followed by a decimal point, and the composite name (a number) — for example, pv107.1.if the composite is the data element’s first composite — that is, if its data name suffix is “.1” — set composite to composite start.if the composite is nol the data element’s first composite, set composite to composite.to add a composite component (called a sub-composite) specify the sub-composite’s data name as the data element name, followed by a decimal point, the composite name (a number), another decimal point, and the sub-composite name (a number) — for example, pv107.9.1.if the sub-composite is the data element’s first sub-composite and is, in addition, the data element’s first composite, set composite to sub-composite start (data element).if the sub-composite is a composite’s first sub-composite but is not the data element’s first composite, set composite to sub-composite start.otherwise, set composite to sub-composite. insert one or more segments. delete the segment. add an instance identifier. after adding a loop, you can: add one or more child segments. add one or more child loops. insert one or more loops. delete the loop. add an instance identifier. after adding a data element, you can: add one or more data elements. delete the data element. if it is a composite element you can expand it. if it is a sub-composite element you can expand it. after adding an instance identifier, you can: edit the instance identifier. delete the instance identifier. click save.