you can create process property components in the same way that you create othe types of components: from the build menu's create new button, start tab, or component explorer; or from any process step that contains an icon for creating a new component . procedure go to the build page. do one of the following: click the create new button and select process property from the list. in the component explorer, click the blue arrow icon next to the desired folder, and select new component. next to type, under all components, select process property, and click create. the new process property dialog opens. type a name for the process property. the maximum length for a component name is 255 characters. click the add property icon. in data type, select the variable type. depending on the type of variable you choose in step 3, complete the settings. click add property. a property, named process property #1 by default, appears in the list. its unique id appears in the key field. select a data type. optional: to persist the property value across subsequent runs, select select to persist the value across subsequent executions. type a new name for the property in the label field. optional: to supply information about how to use the property, type it in the help text field. optional: do one of the following: if data type is set to boolean, select default value to set it to true or leave it cleared to set it to false. if you set data type to date or hidden, enter a date or string value in the default value field.hidden process property values are not visible in the user interface. optional: if data type is set to number or string and if you want to build a list of allowed values for this property, click add allowed value. type a value and a label, then click ok. repeat the previous step to add more allowed values. in the default value field select one of the allowed values that you added. optional: to add another property to the process property component, repeat steps 4–10. click save and close.