you can set up more than one atom in an atom cloud. having additional atoms gives you more capacity and processing power in the atom cloud. if you have base, professional or professional plus edition, you can set up one atom in a boomi atom cloud. if you are using environments, you can set up one atom in a boomi test atom cloud. when you set up an atom in an atom cloud, the atom inherits the same classification as the atom cloud. you can attach this atom only to an environment with the same classification. if you are using enterprise or enterprise plus edition, you can set up two atoms in a boomi atom cloud, and two atoms in a boomi test atom cloud. if you need more atoms, contact your boomi representative. note: if you want to gain access to an atom cloud or test atom cloud in europe or the asia-pacific region and set up atoms in one of those clouds, contact your boomi account representative. if you have access to a private atom cloud, the cloud owner can allow you to set up additional atoms in that atom cloud. this configuration is helpful if you use environments and you want to run all of them in the cloud. for example, you can set up multiple atoms in a private atom cloud and attach each atom to an environment. the owner of an atom cloud determines the number of atoms you can set up in a private atom cloud. the private atom cloud owner sets a default number of atoms for each account that shares the atom cloud. if needed, the owner also can allocate a different number of atoms for an individual account. the private atom cloud owner can set up as many atoms as needed in the primary account. boomi audits deployments based on the number of unique connections deployed per atom. therefore, when you set up additional atoms in an atom cloud and deploy processes to them, this affects your license count. see the topic about deployments and licensing for more information. the additional atoms appear in the deployments table on the connections tab on the licensing page. in addition, the atoms’ names appear in the atom name column.