use boomi assure to submit your integration processes and data to boomi for testing against future releases. your use of boomi assure improves the quality of our platform updates and offers better assurance that they work with your processes and data. note: boomi assure is an optional feature that your system administrator can enable in your account. pay special attention to the privacy policy. boomi assure does not provide a way for partners or customers to conduct their own process integration, regression, or automated testing. after enabling boomi assure, a submit test button appears when you are in test mode. in addition, you can manage submitted tests on the boomi assure page in the manage menu. during test mode executions, a boomi assure test package is built on the atom. the package records all process shapes and configurations and the data that flows through the shapes. after the test mode execution completes, you can inspect the results. click the submit test button to send the test to boomi. after submitting a test, it is used to test future releases of integration. each submitted boomi assure test is tested against all future releases of integration unless you decide to remove it from the boomi assure page. what is tested by boomi assure? the submitted boomi assure test “package” contains all process shapes. the following table lists the process shapes that are tested, as well as a few exceptions. search:columntested process shapesexceptions tested process shapes exceptions branch business rules cleanse data process excludes process shape if it has custom scripting, zip or unzip, pgp encrypt, or pgp decrypt. decision excludes sql statements, connector calls, and stored procedures. exception find changes flow control map excludes shapes using document caches, such as maps using join functionality. message excludes sql statements, connector calls, and stored procedures. notify return documents route set properties excludes sql statements, connector calls, and stored procedures. stop the following process shapes are not tested in a submitted test: add to cache connector process call program command remove from cache retrieve from cache start trading partner try/catch these restrictions make replaying boomi assure tests safer for both boomi and our customers. the exceptions listed above are based on shapes that may have side effects, for example a connector call that creates new accounts in a third-party system, and may not be safe to execute repeatedly. if one of the above shapes is encountered while executing a test, the shape is skipped and the output data of that shape is used as the input for the next shape. how much data is recorded by boomi assure? recording stops when the amount of data recorded during a text execution reaches 50 mb. if this stoppage occurs, a test package is not saved for the execution and the submit test button is not enabled upon the execution’s completion.