integration uses the build concept to organize and control data processing. an integration service allows extraction, manipulation, validation, and forwarding of structured data types. integration requires data structuring to enable communication between different applications. to integrate applications directly from the web without coding, integration uses an intuitive visual designer for you to create and direct process flows easily. use the build page to build processes and configure components that become the steps within your process. there are two parts to the build page; the left side of the build page is called the component explorer, which is the folder hierarchy in which existing components reside. it also contains the process library, which is a catalog of templates that you can install and customize in your account. the right side of the screen, known as the process canvas is where you create components and build processes using a drag-and-drop interface. component explorer and process libraryon the top left side of the build page is the component explorer and at the bottom left is the browse process library link: the component explorer lists all the components in the account grouped by type. you can create folders to organize your components. click on the drop-down arrow () next to any folder or component to access different actions, like opening, copying, cloning, and deleting the component. you can also check out what other components it references by clicking on show where used in the drop-down. additionally, you can use the component to filter or search for a specific component or move it to a different folder location. the browse process library link opens a dialog where you can browse and install your own copies of published processes. the process library includes processes published by boomi or published to account groups where your account is a member. after installation, you can configure and customize these processes to fit your needs. these processes are easy to use, cut down on build time, and offer to build solutions for common integration scenarios you may need. the start tab the start tab provides a quick way to open a recent item, create a process or component, and get help. additionally, the build page automatically reopens any processes or components that you opened but not yet closed before navigating away from the build page. you can disable this feature in your user preferences in the settings menu. the process canvas use the build page to create new processes and components. to do so, click the + new button. in the drop-down, you can either search for a specific component type or select one from the list. hovering on a component type shows a short description to help you make informed decisions.when you create or open a process or component for editing, it opens the process canvas in a new tab and opens the shapes palette. the process canvas is the drag-and-drop platform in which you define a sequence of steps (called shapes) to create an integration from start to finish.the shapes palette contains three groups of process shapes: execute — shapes that manipulate or transform data as it passes through the process. logic — shapes that control the processing path of the data passing through the process. connect — shapes that get data into or send data out of the process using one of the application or technology connectors. all processing begins with the supplied start shape. an inbound connector is embedded in the start shape to extract the data for further processing.any run path built in a process ends at the stop shape.