your first process starts with a csv file containing patient data. the data is processed to determine if the person is still a patient of dr. smith and if so, sends them an email letting them know that dr. smith is retiring. before you beginverify that you review and complete all of the prerequisites for the first process. procedure on the build page, click the create new button and select process from the list. your new process opens in a new tab. the start shape dialog opens automatically. the start shape is the main shape in a process, and all data flows through the process from start to end. the start shape is added to a process automatically, and you cannot remove it. configure the start shape by setting the type to no data, enter a display name, and click ok. the start shape () appears on the process canvas. from the logic shapes panel, drag two stop shapes () onto the process canvas, enter a display name for each shape, accept the default selection of the continue processing other execution paths check box, and click ok. you need two stop shapes because later in the process, you use a decision shape to route documents based on a true or false comparison of two values. the stop shapes appear on the process canvas. the stop shape allows you to stop the flow of data in a process path, or to stop further processing of a document. from the execute shapes panel, drag the message shape () onto the process canvas. configure the message shape dialog by copying and pasting the patient data from the text file you created from the csv file as part of the prerequisites. when properly configured, the message shape is similar to the following example. when finished click ok. the message shape provides the document (the patient data) that flows through the process, and identifies who receives an email about dr. smith retiring when you test the process. if you have not already done so, replace the data for first name, middle initial, last name, and email address with valid data from either your integration account, or a valid gmail account. see the prerequisites for more information. connect the start shape to the message shape by clicking the arrow originating from the start shape, dragging it, and dropping it on the message shape. after connecting the shapes, the arrow turns green. from the execute shapes panel, drag the data process shape () onto the process canvas and use the following steps to configure the shape so the data is similar to the following example. in display name, type a name for the process. under processing steps, click the . in processing step, select split documents. you choose this option to split the csv file containing patient data by line so each patient receives an email about dr. smith retiring. in profile type, select flat file. you select this option because the patient data from the csv file in the message shape is a flat file in plain text format. in batch count, accept the default 0 (zero). this field specifies the number of lines for each document, and 0 means batching is turned off and each line is split into a separate document. in split options, click split by line to split each line (record) in the csv file into a separate document. this allows you to break up the csv file into smaller pieces and records so current patients of dr. smith receives an email about his retirement. in headers option, click retain first line as column headers so the first line in the csv file is considered a header and not a record. the header is at the top of each document. click ok. connect the message shape to the data process shape. from the logic shapes panel, drag the decision shape () onto the process canvas and use the following steps to configure the shape so the data is similar to the following example. in display name, enter a name for the shape. you might want to phrase it as a question that the decision answers. in this tutorial, the decision shape is named still a patient? because the process uses the csv file of patient data to determine if the person is a current patient. if so, the process sends them an email about dr. smith retiring. if the person is not a patient, the process ends and that person does not receive an email. click first value to display the parameter value dialog. enter the following information: in the type drop-down list, select profile element. in this tutorial, the first value is a profile element describing the layout or format of documents read into the process. in the profile type drop-down list, select flat file. the profile element is a csv file containing the patient data. in the profile field, click the plus sign and create a new flat file profile matching the data elements in the following example. then, click the pencil icon to open a new tab for flat file settings. on the flat file profile tab, click options and do the following: important: when creating the new flat file profile, ensure you click the options tab. set the file type to delimited, file delimiter to comma delimited, and select the use column headers check box. after creating the flat file profile, click save and close. the process looks at the value from the csv file for the active field in the profile to determine if the person is still a patient. click in the element field, choose the active element, and click ok. click ok. in the comparison drop-down menu, select equal to. click in the second value field to display the parameter value dialog. enter the following information: in the type drop-down list, select static. set the static value to y. click ok. when configured correctly, the decision shape looks at the active field from the csv file to determine if the person is still a patient. if so, the process continues so the person receives an email about dr. smith retiring. if the person is not a patient anymore, the process ends and that person does not receive an email. click ok to close the decision shape dialog. connect the data process shape to the decision shape. from the execute shapes panel, drag the set properties shape () onto the process canvas and use the following steps to configure the shape: in display name, type a name for the shape. in properties to set, click the add property icon to display the choose property dialog. add the following two properties: in the property type drop-down list, select dynamic document property. in the property name field, enter first_name. click ok. repeat step a. in the property type drop-down list, select document property. in the source type drop-down list, select connectors. in the connectors drop-down list, select the mail connector. in the property drop-down list, select to address. click ok. in properties to set, click the first_name property. in property value, click the add property value icon to display the property value dialog. add the following properties for first_name: in the type drop-down list, select profile element. in the profile type drop-down list, select flat file. in the profile field, browse and select the same profile you created when configuring the decision shape. in the element field, browse the profile and select first_name. click ok. repeat the steps by selecting mail-to address in properties to set. add the following properties for mail-to address: in the type drop-down list, select profile element. in the profile type drop-down list, select flat file. in the profile field, browse and select the same profile you created when configuring the decision shape. in the element list, browse the profile and select email_address. click ok. when configured correctly, the first_name dynamic document property parameter sets the outbound email connector attribute for the first name of the patient receiving the email about dr. smith retiring. the to address property values sets the email address of the patient receiving the email about dr. smith retiring. because the decision shape branches and has a true and false line, complete the following steps: connect the true part of the decision shape to the set properties shape. the process continues on this branch when the decision shape determines that the person is still a patient of dr. smith. connect the false part of the decision shape to the stop shape. the process stops on this branch when the decision shape determines that the person is no longer a patient of dr. smith. from the execute shapes panel, drag the message shape () onto the process canvas, and use the following steps to configure the shape so the data is similar to the following example: in the display name field, enter any name for the message shape that makes sense to you. you may want to phrase it as an action statement that the message will accomplish. in this tutorial, the message shape is named compose email because it contains the text that is included in the email to dr. smith's patients about him retiring. verify that the combine documents into a single message check box is not selected. you do not want to combine the multiple resulting messages (emails) into a single message before further processing continues. in the message field, provide the text to compose the email that is sent to patients about dr. smith retiring. in the first line of the message, you see dear {1}. the {1} portion is a variable (defined in the variables field of this panel) that takes the dynamic document property first_name from the set properties shape (the previous shape in this process) and replaces the variable in the email with the first name of the person from the csv file of patient data. for example, dear {1} may be replaced with dear john, dear hanna, dear robert, etc. the rest of the content in the message is the text to compose the email. in the variables field, click the add parameter icon and specify the following information in the parameter value dialog: in the type drop-down list, select document property. in the document property field, browse and specify the property type as dynamic document property and the property name as first_name. the following example includes all of the text that is used to compose the email, which you can copy and paste into the message box:dear {1}, i have enjoyed caring for you and your family over the years. with a lot of joy, and some sadness, i am writing to let you know that i am retiring. my last day with docs r us will be april 29. as you all know, this practice is staffed with some of the most knowledgeable and caring physicians in the country. i highly recommend that you select one of these physicians for your future medical needs. you can review the bios of all of our staff by visiting our website at www.docsrus.com. we understand that some of you may want to select a new physician outside of our practice. please be assured that my staff and i will do everything we can to make the transition smooth and stress free. i recommend that you begin looking for a new physician as soon as possible. you may contact the physician referral line at local hospitals or you may use one of the many online physician referral systems. your medical records are confidential and will remain on file with docs r us. if you choose another physician within our organization, you do not need to take any action concerning your records. if you choose a physician outside of our clinic, you will need to sign an authorization form before we can release your medical records. please note, by law we cannot share your medical information without your written consent. you may sign this form at our office or you may complete the necessary paperwork at your first visit with your new doctor. it has been a great pleasure meeting and caring for you all. i sincerely appreciate your friendship and loyalty. i wish you continued good health and all the best in the coming years. sincerely, dr. smith docs r us connect the set properties shape to the message shape. as part of the prerequisites, you created the mail connection and operation. the mail connector sends the email to dr. smith's patients letting them know he is retiring. search and find the connection and operation so you can simply drag them onto the canvas and use them in your process. in the component explorer, enter mail connection in the search box and press enter. browse the component explorer to find the connection. from the component explorer, drag the mail connection onto the process canvas. the connector shape panel appears. the connection field is populated with the connection you dragged from the component explorer. in the display name field, enter any name for the mail shape that makes sense to you. you may want to phrase it as an action statement that the connector will accomplish. in this tutorial, the mail shape is named send email because it sends the email to dr. smith's patients about him retiring. in the action drop-down list, select send. the mail connector sends the email to dr. smith's patients about him retiring. in the operation field, click to search for and select the mail send operation. in this tutorial, the name of the operation is new mail connector operation. click ok. the configured mail connector shape () appears on the process canvas. connect the message shape to the mail connector shape. connect the mail connector shape to the stop shape. resultsafter completing these steps, you have successfully built your first process and it should look like the following example: next stepstesting your first process