now that you have successfully built, tested, and run your first process, you are ready to build your second process. in this tutorial, the second process builds upon the first and starts with a csv file containing patient data. while processing the data, a map shape maps the csv data to json format because the google sheets connector only accepts json. next, the google sheets connector populates a blank google sheet on a google drive with patient data. a set properties shape sets the email address of the person. finally, the process determines if the person is still a patient and, if so, sends them an email (using the mail connector) letting them know that dr. smith is retiring. before you beginensure that you review and complete all of the prerequisites for the second process. about this taskto streamline processing building and save time, you can create a copy of the first process and reuse some of the components from the first process in the second. procedure in the component explorer, click the drop-down arrow () to the left of the process you want to copy, and select copy. the copy component dialog opens. note: if you see a message about the process being opened in read-only mode, click lock & edit so you can save your changes. enter the name for your new process, specify the account to copy the process to, leave the copy component dependents check box selected, select a destination folder, and click ok. the process copies to the folder you specify. in the component explorer, find and double-click the new process to open it on the process canvas. do not modify the start shape, first message shape, and data process shape. the process will reuse those shapes. disconnect the data process shape from the decision shape by clicking the arrow originating from the data process shape, and dragging it off the decision shape. click and drag a rectangle around the decision shape, set properties shape, message shape, mail connector shape, and the two stop shapes. click the decision shape within the selection rectangle and drag the group of shapes to the right side of the canvas. keep these shapes on the right side of the canvas. later, you will connect them to the decision shape. let's begin filling in the middle of the process with the necessary shapes. from the execute shapes panel, drag the map shape () onto the process canvas and to the right of the data process shape. when the map shape dialog appears, enter map patient csv to json as the display name. then, click the plus sign in the map field to create a new map. because the google sheets connector only accepts data in json format, you use a map shape to convert the source data (the csv file of patient data, in a flat file profile) into a json profile and format that the google sheets connector accepts. if you create a map similar to what you see in this example, your process will work successfully. on the left side of the page in the map source panel, click choose. the choose a profile dialog appears. in the profile type drop-down menu, choose flat file. browse the profiles tree to find the csv flat file profile (the csv file containing the patient data). click to highlight the profile, then click ok. the left side of the page in the map source panel is populated with the profile. on the right side of the page in the map destination panel, click choose. the choose a profile dialog appears. in the profile type drop-down menu, choose json. browse the profiles tree to find the json profile that you created when creating the google sheets connection and operation as part of the prerequisites. click to highlight the profile, then click ok. the right side of the page in the map source panel is populated with the profile. click an element in the source profile (the csv profile on the left side of the page), and drag it to an element in the destination profile (the json profile on the right side of the page). repeat this step to map additional elements and so your map is similar to the following example. when mapping, a line appears between the source element and the destination element, indicating that data will be moved from one to the other when the map runs. valid elements highlight in green when you pause on them. click save and close. in the map shape, click ok. connect the data process shape and the map shape. as a tutorial prerequisite, you created the google sheets connection and operation. the google sheets connector populates a blank google sheet on a google drive with patient data from a csv file. you also created a blank google sheet as a prerequisites. the process creates entries in the google sheet from the csv data and determines if the person listed in the sheet is still a patient. if so, the process send them an email letting them know that dr. smith is retiring. use these steps to search and find the google sheets connection and operation so you can simply drag them onto the canvas and use them in your process. in the component explorer, enter google sheets connection in the search box and press enter. browse the component explorer to find the connection. from the component explorer, drag the google sheets connection onto the process canvas. the connector shape panel appears. the connection field is populated with the connection you dragged from the component explorer. in the display name field, enter any name for the google sheets connector shape that makes sense to you. in the action drop-down list, select create. the google sheets connector populates a blank google sheet on your google drive with patient data. in the operation field, click in the entry box to search for and select the google sheets operation you created during the prerequisites. click ok. the configured google sheets connector shape appears on the process canvas. connect the map shape to the google sheets connector shape. from the execute shapes panel, drag the set properties shape () onto the process canvas and use the following steps to configure the shape: set the dynamic properties for the patient's email address: in properties to set, click the add property icon. in the choose property dialog, set property type to dynamic document property, set property name to email address, and click ok. in properties to set, select the email address property. then, in parameters click the add parameter icon. in the parameter value dialog, set type to profile element, select json in the profile type drop-down list, browse the profile field and select the same response profile you selected when setting up the google sheets operation, and browse the element field and select the email_address element from the profile. then, click ok. set the dynamic properties for the patient's first name: in properties to set, click the add property icon. in the choose property dialog, set property type to dynamic document property, set property name to salutation, and click ok. in properties to set, select the salutation property. then, in parameters click the add parameter icon. in the parameter value dialog, set type to profile element, select json in the profile type drop-down list, browse the profile field and select the same response profile you selected when setting up the google sheets operation, and browse the element field and select the first_name element from the profile. then, click ok. when configured correctly, the email address field from the json profile sets the outbound email connector attribute for the address of the patient receiving the email about dr. smith retiring. additionally, the first name field from the json profile sets the outbound email connector attribute for the first name of the person to receive the email. the process gets the email address and first name from the profile of the json file. make sure and select the same profile you selected when configuring the map shape. connect the google sheets connector shape to the set properties shape. move the decision shape, set properties shape, message shape, mail connector shape, and the two stop shapes to the right of the set properties shape. connect the set properties shape to the decision shape. configure the decision shape to use the results of the json to retrieve the value of the active cell from the google sheet. do the following: in the decision shape, click the first value field to display the parameter value dialog. set type to profile element, profile type to json, profile to the google sheets create response, element to the active element from the profile, and click ok. in the decision shape, set comparison to equal to, and second value to static value of y. disconnect the copied set properties shape from the true part of the copied message shape. delete the copied set properties shape. connect the decision shape to the true part of the copied message shape. resultsafter completing these steps, you have successfully built your second process and it should look like the following example: next stepstesting your second process