change http proxy settings in the properties panel. before you begin you must have the atom management privilege to perform this task. if you have the atom management read access privilege, you cannot perform the task. procedure go to manage > atom management. select the atom or molecule from the list on the left. in settings & configuration, click properties. the atom properties or molecule properties panel opens. click the advanced tab. select the proxy host (com.boomi.container.proxyhost) property, click add property and type the host name or ip address in the property value field. select the proxy port (com.boomi.container.proxyport) property, click add property and type the port number in the property value field. if your forward proxy requires user authentication, select the proxy user id (com.boomi.container.proxyuser) property, click add property and type the user id in the property value field. optional: if an encrypted proxy password exists on the atom or molecule, the property list shows the encrypted proxy password property. you cannot edit the encrypted password. to change the password once it has been set and encrypted on the atom, delete the encrypted proxy password property and then set a new password as described in step 11. to delete the property, locate the encrypted proxy password property and click the delete icon. optional: select the non proxy hosts (com.boomi.container.nonproxyhosts) property, click add property and type the host name(s) in the property value field. the non proxy hosts property specifies the hosts to be connected to directly, not through the proxy server. the value can be a list of hosts, each separated by a pipe (|). an asterisk (*) can be used for matching. for example, *.mycompany.com|localhost would indicate that any hosts suffixed by mycompany.com or a host of localhost should not go through the proxy. click save. because changes to these properties do not take effect until the atom or molecule is restarted, you are prompted to restart. you have the option to restart now or restart later. if you are setting the proxy password in the next step or the system property for user authentication of your forward proxy in step 12, you can wait to restart your api gateway until after you set the proxy password. the api gateway must be restarted after the password is set in the properties file. to set the proxy password: navigate to <installation_directory>/conf. open the container.properties file in a text editor such as notepad. modify the com.boomi.container.proxypassword.encrypted value as necessary. save the file. if your forward proxy requires authentication, set your system properties to enable the basic authentication scheme. go to manage > atom management. select the atom or molecule from the list on the left. in settings & configuration, click properties. the atom properties or molecule properties panel opens. click the custom tab. under system properties, click add a property and type the correct system property for your connection type if the forward proxy requires user authentication. connection type system property secure (https) connections -djdk.http.auth.tunneling.disabledschemes="" unsecure (http) connections -djdk.http.auth.proxying.disabledschemes="" click save. restart your atom or molecule.