components are the reusable configuration objects that are used in processes. they are displayed in the component explorer. components can be created once and referenced by process shapes across multiple processes. component edits take effect only when the component is saved.the following types of components are available: process api proxy api service flow service certificate connection connector operation cross reference table custom library document cache map map function organization process property process route profile queue scripting trading partner communication channel processing group xslt stylesheet component editing when you edit the configuration of a component, your changes take effect only when you save the component. when a component is open for editing, the following controls and links are available at the bottom of the screen: name description savesaves the component. the component remains open for editing.save and closesaves the component and closes it.closeinitiates a request to close a component without editing it. (clicking close in the component tab has the same effect.) if there are no unsaved changes, the component closes immediately. if there are unsaved changes, a confirmation dialog appears. in the confirmation dialog: clicking ok closes the component without saving it. clicking cancel closes the confirmation dialog, enabling further editing and saving of the component. previous saveshows the date and time of the most recently saved revision of the component.revertinitiates a request to discard unsaved changes to the component, thereby reverting it to its configuration as of the last saved revision.in the confirmation dialog: clicking revert reverts the component. the component remains open for editing. clicking cancel closes the confirmation dialog, enabling further editing and saving of the component. revision historyopens the revision history dialog, which provides access to the component’s revision history and other information — see the linked topic.