in an api service component, configure a rest endpoint on the rest tab. procedure in the api service component, select the rest tab. in the actions menu for the endpoint you want to configure, select edit endpoint. if the url path for requests for the route’s specified operation is not yet set, type the path in the resource path field. to specify parameters in the path, delineate them with braces — for example, {id}. parameters in the matched part of the path are available to the linked process as dynamic process properties named param_name, where name is the parameter name — for example, param_id.the full url has this form:http://host:port/rest_url_path/object/url_pathwhere host and port are set on the shared web server panel (manage > atom management). rest_url_path is the rest url path specified in the general tab (this path contains the base url set in that same tab), object is the object specified when the resource was added to the rest api. url_path is the url path specified in this step or when the route was added. for example:http://machine.domain.tld:9090/ws/rest/customer/{customerid}note: in steps 6–12 you can override the default settings derived from the linked process for the route’s specified operation. refer to the topic about the rest tab for information about the settings. optional: set an override for the operation’s http method. optional: define http routing headers to be matched in requests for the operation. expand routing headers. click add http header. in the key field, type the name of the first header. in the value field, type the header value. for each additional header you are defining, repeat steps b–d for that header. optional: define query parameters for the operation. query parameters defined here will be included in the generated openapi specification file. expand query parameters. click add query parameter. add the name of the query parameter. select a base type: string, boolean, integer, or number. select the required check box if necessary. add a description. if a web services server listener process is not already linked to the route, click the magnifying glass icon adjacent to the request handled by process field and in the component browser, select the process to link. the request handled by process field populates, along with the default settings for the route’s specified operation. the default settings are derived from the web services server connector operation used in that process. optional: set an override for the operation’s input type. optional: set an override for the operation’s input profile for request. this is an option only for an operation with its input type set to single json object, multiple json objects, single xml object or multiple xml objects. if you set an override, the profile’s name will appear in black. optional: set an override for the operation’s output type. optional: set an override for the operation’s output profile for response. this is an option only for an operation with its output type set to single json object, multiple json objects, single xml object or multiple xml objects. if you set an override, the profile’s name will appear in black. optional: set an override for the operation’s output internet media type for output (internet media type) . this is an option only for an operation with its output type set to single data. optional: set an override for the operation’s output number of documents returned. this is an option only for an operation with its output type set to multiple json objects or multiple xml objects. click save or save and close.