configure access rights on the shared web server panel in atom management.before you begin you must have the atom management privilege to perform this task. if you have the atom management read access privilege, you cannot perform the task.about this taskif the account that you are using owns the atom, molecule or atom cloud that you selected, you can change the web server settings for it. you can change the settings either for the account or for web service users of the account. you can add and delete account users.procedurego to manage > atom management.select the atom, molecule, or cloud from the list on the left.under settings & configuration, click shared web server.the shared web server panel opens. the number of tabs that you see and the settings on the tabs vary, depending on whether the account that you are using owns the atom, molecule, or cloud that you selected and the features enabled in the account.optional: in the listening port configuration section, choose an authentication type type: none, basic, client certificate header, client certificate, custom, gateway, or external provider. the custom authentication type is available only for atoms and molecules. it can be used only by accounts for which the api management feature is enabled. if you are setting up an account and one or more web service users, they must all use the same authentication type. for atoms and molecules, the authentication type selected here will be used by all ports added to this web services server. for clouds, each port that is added can use the none, basic, or client certificate authentication types. the cloud owner’s account can then select any one of the authentication types used by its ports as the cloud’s authentication type. if you selected none, basic, or client certificate, and api type is set to intermediate or advanced, skip to step 10. if the api type and authentication type are both set to basic, do the following: click generate.if you want to show the token that was generated, select show token.skip to the last step.if the authentication type is set to custom, do the following: type a login module class name. optional: select cache authentication credentials.optional: change the authentication caching timeout.click add option. type a key.optional: if you must encrypt a key-value pair that contains a private credential, select encrypt, click click to set, enter the value, and click okoptional: type a value. repeat substeps d-g to add and define each option required by the login module.if authentication type is set to client certificate header, specify a client certificate header name.if authentication type is set to client certificate header or client certificate, choose a public certificate for the ssl certificate.optional: make other changes as needed to the settings on the general tab.if the user management tab is present, select it. otherwise, skip to the last step.in the users list, make sure the account is selected.if api type is set to intermediate or advanced and the authentication type is set to basic, go to the token section and do the following:click generate. if you want to show the token that was generated, select show token.if authentication type is set to custom, select an api user, go to the external username section and enter the external identity provider’s user name for that person.if you want to use ip filtering, go to the ip filter section and do the following: select use ip filtering. click add filter.type an ip address is the box above the add filter button. repeat the two steps above as needed to add more ip addresses. to delete an ip address, click the delete link to the right of it.if api type is set to intermediate and you want to allow access to only certain processes, go to the use process filtering section and do the following:select allow access only for specified processes.select the check boxes next to the processes to which the selected account (or api user) should have access.if api type is set to advanced and you want to allow access to processes linked only to certain api service components, go to the api filtering section and do the following: select allow access only for specified apis. select the check boxes next to the api service components whose linked processes should be accessible to the selected account (or api user). in the users list, click the add user icon.in the username section, type an api user name.click save to apply the settings on all of the shared web server panel tabs.you are prompted to restart the atom, molecule, or atom cloud. you have the option to restart now or restart later.