when you create a document cache component, you must select a profile type and add indexes and keys for organizing the data in the cached documents. procedure on the build page, do one of the following: click create new and select document cache in the drop-down list. in the component explorer, click the blue arrow icon next to the desired folder, select new component, and select document cache. in the profile type drop-down list, do one of the following: to cache documents based on a profile, select a profile type: xml, edi, database, flat file, or json. to cache document that are not based on a profile, select a profile type of none. optional: if you selected a specific profile type, choose or create a profile of the appropriate type. optional: if you do not require a one-to-one relationship between index keys and documents, you can clear the enforce one index entry per document option. if you clear this option, you cannot perform the following actions when you use the document cache component in a process: retrieve all documents from the document cache. remove specific documents from the document cache by index name. click add index. type an index name and click ok. if you do not type an index name, it appears as “unnamed”. if you selected a specific profile type, you can add profile element keys or document property keys. if you selected a profile type of none, you can add only document property or dynamic document property keys. to add a profile element key: click add profile element key. optional: type a name for the key. if you do not type a key name, this field populates when you select an element. click the browse icon, select the key's element and click ok. click save. to add a document property key: click add document property key. optional: type a name for the key. if you do not type a key name, this field populates when you select an element. click the browse icon. the choose property dialog opens. select document property, expand the sections as needed to find the property, select the document property, and then click ok. click save. to add a dynamic document property key: click add document property key. optional: type a name for the key. if you do not type a key name, this field populates when you select an element. click the browse icon. the choose property dialog opens. select dynamic document property, enter the property name, enter the default value, and then click ok. click save. to add a mime property key: click add document property key. optional: type a name for the key. if you do not type a key name, this field populates when you select an element. click the browse icon. the choose property dialog opens. select mime property, select the property name, and then click ok. enter a custom property value when you select a custom property name. click save. optional: to add more keys to the index, repeat steps 7, 8, 9, and 10. to add more indexes and keys, repeat steps 6–10. click save or save and close.