on the build page, you can create a process from the start tab. about this taskyou can complete these steps only if you have build write access. if you have build read access only, the create new button does not appear on the start tab. in addition, you cannot create processes, atoms, molecules, or components for the links on the build page. procedure from the build page, click the start tab. to begin creating your process, select either build an integration, start with an example, or what apps do you want to connect to open the quick start wizard. using the build an integration tile select a connector type in the start shape menu. configure your start shape using the available option in the start shape menu, then click ok. using the start with an example tile from the available options in the boomi process library, select view to learn more about a process or install to install an example process. select a location for where you want to install your new process and type a name for your process. the name field has a maximum length of 255 characters. select view to open your new process and continue building. using the what apps do you want to connect tile. this opens the quickstart wizard. from the available options in the create an integration menu, select the source app and the target app that you want to connect. you can either choose a previously saved connection or create a new one. choose the action and record type for your connections, then click create process the new process appears on a tab configure the other fields on the tab, as needed for your process. click save or save and close. next stepsif you create a process or deployable component and are ready to deploy it, after clicking save, click the create packaged component button. the create packaged component wizard opens. complete the steps in the wizard and click the deploy button on the final confirmation message. your component appears in the list of packaged components on the deploy > packaged components page. it also appears in the list of deployed components on the deploy > deployments page.