you use the google sheets connector to populate the blank google sheet that you created during the prerequisites with patient data from the csv file. the process creates entries in the google sheet from the csv data, determines if the person listed in the sheet is still a patient, and if so, sends them an email letting them know that dr. smith is retiring. before you beginverify the following: your browser allows popups. chrome: settings > advanced > privacy and security > site settings firefox: options > privacy & security > permissions internet explorer: internet options > privacy you enabled both the google drive api and google sheets api when setting up the google sheets credentials. this step is required for the connection to be successful. about this taskthe google sheets connector creates objects in google sheets. create the google sheets connection and operation so the google sheets connector is ready to use in your second process. procedure on the build page, click the create new button and select connection from the list. in the create a connection dialog, select google sheets in the connector drop-down list, and then click create. rename your component to google sheets connection. in the google sheets connection panel, enter the following information: client id — copy and paste the client id that you generated when setting up the google sheets credentials. client secret — click click to set, copy and paste the client secret that you generated when setting up the google sheets credentials, and click apply. access token — click generate. a new browser tab opens. sign in and click allow. by completing this step, you allow boomi.com to access your google account. once you receive a message that the authorization code was successfully received, close the browser tab. a message in integration indicates that the access token was successfully generated. click close.note: if you receive an error when attempting to generate the access token, it may indicate that you did not add the user associated with the project for which the client id and client secret is generated. to learn more, see the topic setting up the google sheets credentials. click save and close. when properly configured, your google sheets connection should look like the following example: on the build page, click the create new button and select connector operation from the list. in the create a connector operation dialog, select google sheets in the connector drop-down list, and then click create. rename your component to google sheets operation. in the google sheets operation panel, select create in the connector action drop-down list, and click importon the top right. the google sheets import wizard appears. enter the following information in the google sheets import wizard: atom — from the drop-down list, select the atom that you installed as part of the prerequisites for building your first process. connection — select the google sheets connection that you created in this part of the tutorial. spreadsheet id — enter the spreadsheet id for the blank google sheet that you created during the prerequisites. sheet title — enter the sheet title for the blank google sheet that you created during the prerequisites. has 1st row of headers? — do not select this check box. initial column [a-zzz] — enter a because the first column you want to populate with patient data in the blank google sheet you created is column a. final column [a-zzz] — enter k because the last column you want to populate with patient data in the blank google sheet you created is column k. filter — leave this field blank because you do not need to create one. click next. in the object type drop-down list, select recorddata and click next. the operation loads with the recorddata object and displays a description of the request and response profiles. click finish. when properly configured, your google sheets operation should look like the following example:the request and response profiles were created by the connector. click save. click the pencil icon next to the request profile. the request profile opens. edit the request profile to match the data elements in the following example. the editing steps are similar to how you created a flat file profile while building your first process. click save and close. return to the operation by clicking its tab and then click the pencil icon next to the response profile. the response profile opens. edit the response profile to match the data elements in the following example. click save and close. back in the operation, click close. resultsafter completing these steps, you have successfully built the google sheets connection and operation and configured the request and response profiles for the operation. next stepsbuilding your second process