in this tutorial, your processes use the mail connector to send an email to dr. smith's patients letting them know that dr. smith is retiring. create the mail connection and operation so the mail connector is ready to use in your first and second process. about this taskthe mail connector reads email from a pop email server and sends email to an smtp email server. post office protocol (pop) is a standard mail protocol that receives email from a remote server for an email client such as gmail, outlook, yahoo mail, etc. an smtp email server is a machine that takes care of the entire email delivery process. note: because gmail is a free smtp service that anyone having a google account can use to send email, this tutorial uses gmail as the email client. all mail connection and operation settings are gmail-specific. for more information, see the gmail help center.as a security measure, google recommends that any third-party application, such as the boomi platform, use an application password for google account access. for some levels of google account service, third-party applications are required to use an application password. application passwords can be used only with google accounts that have 2-step verification turned on. procedure once signed into the boomi platform, open integration by clicking the "integration" link on the home page or by selecting it from the services menu. the integration service opens. on the build page, click the create new button and select connection from the list. in the create a connection dialog, select mail in the connector drop-down list, and then click create. rename your component to gmail mail connection. in the connection tab, enter the following information: host — enter smtp.gmail.com. this is the domain name of the gmail mail server that the mail connector receives files from or sends files to. port — enter 465 as the port number that the gmail mail server uses to listen for incoming connections. use tls? — select this check box to ensure you are using the transport layer security (tls) protocol to encrypt and protect all data exchanged between integration and the gmail mail server with a digital security certificate. use ssl? — select this check box to use the secure sockets layer (ssl) protocol to encrypt and protect all data exchanged between integration and the gmail mail server with a digital security certificate. user/password authorization? — select this check box to provide your username and password to authorize yourself with the gmail mail server. user name — enter your gmail address (for example, yourname@gmail.com). provide the gmail address for your google account that you set up during the prerequisites. password — click click to set, enter the password with which your boomi platform account will access the google account that you set up during the prerequisites, and click apply. if you configured an application password for your boomi platform account in your google account, enter that application password. otherwise, enter your google account password. click save and close. when properly configured, the mail connection should look like the following example: on the build page, click the create new button and select connector operation from the list. in the create a connector operation dialog, select mail in the connector drop-down list, and then click create. rename your component to gmail mail connection. in the options tab, enter the following information: connector action — select send. in this tutorial, the mail connector sends an email to dr. smith's patients letting them know that dr. smith is retiring. from — enter the email address (for example, yourname@gmail.com) from which integration sends the email message about dr. smith retiring. provide the gmail address for your google account that you set up in the prerequisites. to — defines the email address(es) to which integration sends email messages. in this tutorial, you configure the set properties shape to define the email address(es) of the patients to send an email to, so leave this field blank. subject — enter announcement: dr. smith is retiring. when the process sends the email to dr. smith's patients, this entry populates the email's subject field. disposition — select inline because the document data is sent in the body of the email message instead of as an attachment. attachment content type — select text/plain because the file format for the body of the email message is text. body content type — select text/plain because the body of the email message is text. click save and close. when properly configured, the mail operation should look like the following example: resultsafter completing these steps, you have successfully created the mail connection and operation. next stepsbuilding your first process