learn how to set dynamic process connections for use at runtime via the set properties and connector shapes. about this task important: due to the wider implications of how this feature impacts connector licensing, this feature is currently provisioned only for select accounts. please contact your platform account representative for information about how to enable this feature for your account.dynamic process connection properties are used to override connection and extension-level values at runtime, allowing you to dynamically set connection values per connector shape as needed. to set dynamic process connections, you need to configure settings in both the set properties and connector shapes within your process, as described in the steps below. because processes can be configured in a variety of ways to support different patterns, these steps are general guidelines for setting dynamic process connections using the set properties and connector shapes. your finished process design will likely use other shapes not mentioned here. procedure in the integration service, create a new process or open an existing process in the build tab. add a connector shape to the process. on the connector shape, turn on the allow dynamic connection properties option and then click ok to exit the connector shape. optional: if you have not already done so, configure the connection component for your connector by populating all its available field values according to your particular use case. once you are finished configuring the connection, click save and close on the component. next, add a set properties shape to the process. note: in order for connection fields to be overridden by dynamic credentials at runtime, the set properties shape must come before the affected connector shape(s) in your process design. on the set properties shape, click the (add property) button in the properties to set column. in the property type field on the choose property dialog, select dynamic process connection property. in the connection drop-down, choose a connection component containing the field you wish to override with dynamic credentials. note: the connection drop-down lists all connection components that you have configured in the process. in the field drop-down, choose a specific field you wish to override with dynamic credentials, then click ok to close the dialog. on the set properties shape, select the new dynamic process connection property you created, and click the (add parameter) button in the parameters column. in the parameter type field, select a parameter type and then configure the parameter. click ok. click ok to close the set properties shape. results if the same connection component is used multiple times within a process, the allow dynamic connection properties option must be enabled on each of the connector shapes. if this is not set, the same connections are executed with varying values at different points in the process. once you configure both your connectors and set properties shapes according to these steps and save the process, your connections are successfully overridden at runtime.