integration provides edi profile types for a number of common edi standards, each with pre-loaded business document definitions that serve as a starting point to facilitate building profiles and customize your edi document definitions. edi documents have a hierarchical, looping, segment/element structure. an edi document consists of segments, data elements, and values that are either delimited with a specific value or data-positioned. different edi standards handle data differently but automatically handle basic edi functions, such as enveloping and segment counts. the following standard edi profile types are available: x12, the standard primarily used for edi, defines specific standards for many edi document types and subsets, which serve particular vertical markets. edifact is an international standard that was developed by the united nations to provide syntax rules, an interactive exchange protocol, and a set of standard messages so that countries and industries can exchange electronic business documents. hl7 is a standard for facilitating interoperability of health information technology. hl7 supports clinical practice and the management, delivery, and evaluation of health services. odette, a standard based on edifact, is primarily used in the european automotive sector. tradacoms is a standard primarily used in the uk retail sector. oftp2, a standard based on the tcp/ip protocol, is primarily used in the automotive sector. note: integration also supports the rosettanet standard. rosettanet is an xml-based document standard that defines message guidelines, business processes interfaces, and frameworks for interactions between major computer, consumer electronics, semi-conductor manufacturers, telecommunications, and logistics companies. user-defined profiles to accommodate integrations handling edi document types that do not conform to any of the supported standards, you can build profiles for these document types using the user-defined profile type. this profile type provides flexibility in handling proprietary file formats.