use process reporting to find trading partner documents. procedure in the manage menu’s process reporting page, select trading partner from the list on the left. click the arrow next to the time/date filter and select one of the following from the dialog: past hour past 24 hours past week date range, then select from and to dates from the calendars. you can optionally select an hour and minutes for each date. click apply. optional: click add filter and choose the atom filter type. select one to 10 atoms. click apply. if you want to see results for all atoms, do not set this filter. if you select more than 10 atoms, you will see an error message. optional: click add filter and choose the tracked fields filter type. in the search for field, type the value that you want to find. in the in field, select one to 10 user defined fields, connector attributes and or document standard attributes. click apply. if you select more than 10 tracked fields, you will see an error message. optional: click add filter and choose the from trading partner filter type. click the choose icon, locate a trading partner and select it. click apply. optional: click add filter and choose the to trading partner filter type. click the choose icon, locate a trading partner and select it. click apply. optional: to apply additional filters and/or filter by a document standard other than x12, click x12 document standard and in the filter selection dialog, do one or more of the following: to filter by a document standard other than x12, in the document standard list, select the document standard. to filter by document type, type the document type, or click the choose document type icon, select the document type in the select transmission dialog, and click ok. to filter by documents that were not acknowledged or that failed, select errored / unacknowleged docs only. if x12 is the selected document standard, you can filter by either or both of the following: isa control number and gs control number. if edifact is the selected document standard, you can filter by interchange control reference number. if rosettanet is the selected document standard, you can filter by any or all of the following: sender id, receiver id, pip code, in response to instance identifier, and transaction instance identifier. click apply. optional: to further filter the results in the table, click one of the following: all (the default) errors successes resultsthe trading partner documents appear in the table.