use process reporting to find processed documents. procedure in the manage menu’s process reporting page, select documents from the list on the left. click the arrow next to the time/date filter and select one of the following from the dialog: past hour past 24 hours past week date range. select from and to dates from the calendars. you can optionally select an hour and minutes for each date. click apply. the document search results appear in the table. optional: to filter the results by atom, click add filter and choose the atom filter type. select one to 10 atoms. click apply. if you want to see results for all atoms, do not set this filter. if you select more than 10 atoms, you will see an error message. optional: to filter the results by connector type, click add filter and choose the connector type filter type. select a connector type from the list. click apply. if you want to see results for all connector types, do not set this filter. optional: to filter the results by tracked field values, click add filter and choose the tracked fields filter type. in the search for field, type the value that you want to find. in the in field, select one to 10 user-defined fields, connector attributes and/or document standard attributes. click apply. if you select more than 10 tracked fields, you will see an error message. optional: to filter the results by execution id, click add filter and choose the execution id filter type. type the execution id. click apply. optional: to clear the selected filter, click its gray clear icon, or to clear all filters, click clear all filters. optional: to further filter the results, click one of the following: all (the default) errors successes optional: to view details about a document and optionally view its data, click the document’s date/time link in the results table. the document detail view opens.for more information, see the topic about viewing the data in a processed document. optional: to find the execution during which a document was processed, do one of the following: in the results table, click actions for the document and select load execution. in document detail view, click actions and select load execution. the process executions results table is displayed with the execution in question as the single result.