use process reporting to find process executions. procedure go to manage > process reporting and select executions from the list on the left. click the arrow next to the time/date filter and select one of the following from the dialog: past hour past 24 hours past week date range. select from and to dates from the calendars. you can optionally select an hour and minutes for each date. click apply. the execution search results appear in the table. optional: to filter the results by atom, click add filter and choose the atom filter type. select one to 10 atoms. click apply. if you want to see results for all atoms, do not set this filter. if you select more than 10 atoms, you will see an error message. optional: to filter the results by process, click add filter and choose the process filter type. type part or all of a process name, or the entire process id in the filter processes field. select one to 10 processes. click apply. if you want to see results for all processes, do not set this filter. if you select more than 10 processes, you will see an error message. optional: to filter the results by execution id, click add filter and choose the execution id filter type. if another filter is selected first (after the time/date range filter), you cannot add the execution id filter to your search criteria. skip to the next step. type the execution id. click apply. if the execution id filter is selected first (after the time/date range filter), you cannot add more filters to your search criteria. skip to step 11. optional: to filter the results by the presence of inbound documents, click add filter and choose the hide successes with 0 inbound docs filter type. optional: to filter the results by the execution type, click add filter and choose the execution modes filter type. select one or more execution types. click apply. optional: to clear the selected filter, click its gray clear icon, or to clear all filters, click clear all filters. optional: to further filter the results, click one of the following: all (the default) errors pending successes optional: to see details about an execution and the documents processed during it, click the execution’s date/time link in the results table. the execution detail view opens. optional: to view a list of documents processed during the execution, by connection, and optionally rerun the documents or view their data, click a connection or the successes or errors count for that connection. optional: to view and optionally troubleshoot process or document error details, click the error message link in the execution detail view. the error detail view opens.for more information, see the topic about viewing document error details.