follow these steps to configure an x12, edifact, hl7, odette, or rosettanet trading partner to enable document validation in outbound trading partner shapes. procedure in the trading partner component, do one of the following: if you are enabling x12 document validation, select the x12 standard tab. if you are enabling edifact document validation, select the edifact standard tab. if you are enabling hl7 document validation, select the hl7 standard tab. if you are enabling odette document validation, select the odette standard tab. if you are enabling rosettanet document validation, select the rosettanet standard tab. do one of the following: if you are enabling x12 document validation, expand basic x12 options. if you are enabling edifact document validation, expand basic edifact options. if you are enabling hl7 document validation, expand basic hl7 options. if you are enabling odette document validation, expand basic odette options. if you are enabling rosettanet document validation, expand basic rosettanet options. do one of the following: to enable interchange-level validation for x12, edifact, hl7, or odette interchanges, select validate outbound interchanges. to enable validation for rosettanet messages, select validate outbound documents, and then skip to step 5 to select the applicable message types and enable validation for those types. optional: (x12, edifact, hl7, odette only) do one of the following: to send each document found to have error to a trading partner shape’s errors path, in the outbound validation option list, select filter errored documents. to send the entire interchange to a trading partner shape’s errors path if a document error occurs, in the outbound validation option list, select fail interchange if any documents have errors. to enable validation at the transaction set level (x12), message level (edifact, odette, or rosettanet), or transmission level (hl7), select the document types tab. then for each transaction set, message type, or transmission type for which documents are to be validated, do the following: click add document type. in the select transmission dialog, select the transaction set, message type, or transmission type, and click ok. the document options panel appears. do one of the following: if you are enabling x12 document validation, select validate outbound transaction sets. if you are enabling edifact, odette, or rosettanet document validation, select validate outbound messages. if you are enabling hl7 document validation, select validate outbound transmissions. optional: if you are enabling x12, edifact, hl7, or odette document validation, to disable qualifier validation, clear validate qualifiers. select the document profile to use for validation. click close. click save or save and close. next steps if you are enabling x12, edifact, or odette document validation and validation rules are defined for segments in the selected document profile, to enable the rules to be applied to the segments in documents, open the profile, select its options tab, and select segment validation rules.