generate an api endpoint as a proxy for an external operation by selecting import from an external service url in the import an endpoint wizard on the api service component page. before you beginimportant: when importing an api endpoint from an openapi specification file, json profiles can have a maximum of 5,000 nodes, 3,300 anonymous or defined complex types, and 10 levels of recurrence. however, users can manually add additional nodes, types, and levels beyond these limits as needed after the initial profile generation.before you can generate api endpoints as proxies for operations of an external api, complete the following steps: for an import from a wsdl file, create the apis soap client connection for connecting the new endpoints’ linked processes to the external api. for an import from an openapi specification file, create the apis http client connection for connecting the new endpoints’ linked processes to the external api. you may also want to create the folder, in component explorer, in which to create the linked processes and their dependent components. procedure in the api service component, click import an endpoint. the import an endpoint wizard opens. select import from an external service url. click next. the wizard advances to the import process from an external service screen. copy the url into the external service url field. a 20 mb limit exists on the file size of the wsdl or openapi specification file being uploaded. if the url that contains the wsdl or openapi specification file is password protected, enter your user name and password for the url to authenticate. currently, only schema in the remote wsdl that are not password protected or are protected by the same credentials as the wsdl are able to be downloaded. schema that are protected by different credentials from the wsdl are not downloaded, and the import will fail.note: uploaded or imported files pass through a virus scanner first. if the scan detects a virus, you receive an error message, and the scan rejects the file. if an error persists, contact boomi support. use the process location folder chooser to select the folder in which to create linked processes and their dependent components. click next. use the connection component chooser to select the api’s soap client connection (if you are importing a wsdl file) or the http client connection (if you are importing an openapi specification file) for connecting the endpoints’ linked processes to the api. in the process mode list, select general or low latency. click next. select the operations (for wsdl) or the methods and paths (for openapi specification) for which to generate a proxy soap endpoint and corresponding linked process. click next. view the summary of the endpoints and their linked processes that you specified on the previous screens for creation, and then click next. the wizard advances to the creating components screen which reports the result of your request. click finish to generate soap or rest endpoints on the corresponding tabs of the api service component, each with a link to the corresponding created process, and exit the wizard. if you receive a message that the process was not created and the endpoint was not added to your api, click close, correct any errors in the wsdl or openapi specification file, and try the import again. exampleto view the created components, navigate to the folder you selected as the destination process location. for an import from a document-literal wsdl file, the soap generated endpoints include the following components: process web services server operation web services soap client operation xml request profileif the soap request requires a response for a given endpoint, you should also find an xml response profile component. in that case, the created process ends with a return documents shape, as illustrated in the following example. xml response profile for an import from an openapi specification file, the rest generated endpoints include the following components: process http client operation json request profileif the rest request requires a response for a given endpoint, you should also find an json response profile component. in that case, the created process ends with a return documents shape, similar to the soap example. json response profile next stepsto view the newly generated endpoints, select the soap or rest tab based on the type of endpoints that were imported. then, configure the endpoints.