the steps for importing an xml profile vary depending on the source file or schema. about this taskwarning: when importing a xsd file to generate an xml profile, the profile can have a maximum of 5,000 nodes, 3,300 anonymous or defined complex types, and 10 levels of recurrence. these limitations apply only when importing xml profiles from xsd files. however, users can manually add additional nodes, types, and levels beyond these limits as needed after the initial profile generation.to import from an xsd file: procedure on the build page, click new. on the create component screen, name the component and select profile as the type and xml as the profile format. on the tab named for your xml profile, click the import button. in the build xml profile from field, select xml schema (xsd file). click browse, locate and select the file, then click open. click next. note: uploaded or imported files pass through a virus scanner first. if the scan detects a virus, you receive an error message, and the scan rejects the file. if an error persists, contact boomi support. do one of the following: to import an xml schema that does not reference other schema files, click next and go to to step 11. to import an xml schema that references other schema files, follow the steps below. the xml import wizard provides a list of missing schemas. to omit importing them, click ignore missing schemas and then go to step 11. to import a referenced schema, click browse, locate and select the schema, and click open. this is a recursive step, so if the missing schemas in turn reference other schemas repeat this step until all dependent schemas are imported. the referenced schema appears in the list.note: only use absolute paths when importing an xml schema that references other xml schemas — for example, schemalocation="abc.xsd". relative paths cannot be parsed. repeat the previous step for each referenced schema, then click next. choose the root element to use for this xml profile and click next. the profile is loaded and the root element name is displayed. click finish and review the xml profile's elements. click save. next steps if you need to re-import a profile to incorporate updates, the updated profile might affect the connections in any map where it is used. see the profile components topic for more information.