manually add custom container properties in the properties panel, custom tab for atoms, molecules, and atom clouds to improve component performance at startup. before you beginyou must have the atom management privilege to perform this task. if you have the atom management read access privilege, you cannot perform the task. the container must be online and you must be the owner of the atom, molecule, or atom cloud to view and edit the properties panel, custom tab. about this task the following custom properties can be added manually in the properties panel's custom tab to improve component loading performance: com.boomi.container.enableusedirectorystreamwhenfindingcomponents - when enabled, uses a more efficient method of loading components, files.newdirectorystream, instead of file.listfiles. setting this property to false reverts to the file.listfiles method of loading components. com.boomi.container.skipnotificationofloadedcomponentswhenprocessrouteinitialized - when enabled, the initial loading of components are skipped when a process executes for the first time. the default value for this property is false.note: for boomi singapore integration test cloud, canada integration test cloud, and japan integration test cloud, this property is set by default to true. use the following instructions to enable or disable these properties: procedure in the integration service, go to manage > atom management. select an atom, molecule, or atom cloud from the list on the left. under settings & configuration, click properties. under the container properties heading, click add a property. in the property name field, enter com.boomi.container.enableusedirectorystreamwhenfindingcomponents. in the property value field, enter false. repeat step 4 by clicking add a property again. in the property name field, enter com.boomi.container.skipnotificationofloadedcomponentswhenprocessrouteinitialized. in the property value field, enter true. click save. you are prompted to restart your container. click yes, restart now to immediately restart your container or click no, restart later to manually restart your container at a later time.