install the downloaded linux version of the initial molecule by running the executable file. before you beginmolecules require the java 8 jre or the java 11 jdk. boomi recommends java 11. boomi internally tested amazon corretto openjdk java 1.8.0_362 and amazon corretto open jdk 11.0.18.10.1. before completing these steps, download the molecule installer and set up linux shared directories. the installer gives you the option to select local directories for storing working data and temporary data. boomi recommends that you select local directories. if you do select local directories, you must ensure that these directories exist before you run the installer. the installer does not create the directories for you.the installer installs a private copy of java 11 (11.0.18.10.1) for the molecule to use. alternatively, you can manage your own distribution of the java 11 jdk by downloading the jdk fromamazon prior to installing the molecule.note: if you manage your own java version instead of using the distribution provided by boomi, molecules using forked execution require the java 8 jdk rather than the jre. java 11 is distributed as a jdk by default, so no additional considerations are required when using this version.note: if you choose not to use the user interface to install the initial molecule node, use the console mode option (-c) of the install4j installer. procedure locate the molecule installer file that you saved to your machine. after downloading the file, you can run the installation wizard from a command line, which boomi recommends, or from the user interface. do one of the following: if you want to run the installer in console mode from a command line, run the file with the -c flag: sh /<path>/molecule_install64.sh -c if you install with the user interface, double-click the install file (you might need to change the properties to allow the file to run: chmod +x molecule_install64.sh) or run the file from the command line without the command-only flag: sh /<path>/molecule_install64.sh if the installer cannot find the jre on your machine, you receive a download prompt. on the welcome page, click next. on the user information page: select user name and password or token, depending on how you want platform to authenticate the molecule. enter one of the following, depending on the selected option: your platform user name and password a valid installer token you can generate installer tokens when you download the molecule installer from the molecule setup dialog. when generating tokens, they are valid only for the specific account and atom clouds. tokens expire after a set amount of time ranging from 30 minutes to 24 hours. enter a name for the molecule. the molecule name is what you see when you go to manage > atom management. the name defaults to the local host name, and you can change it to something more familiar.note: the following characters are reserved and cannot be used in the name: asterisk (*), backslash (\), caret (^), colon (:), dollar sign ($), greater than (>), less than (<), percent (%), pipe (|), question mark (?), quotation mark ("), slash mark (/), yen sign (¥). click next. you connect to platform, and the platform authenticates your credentials.if you specified a user name and password, the accounts page appears. if you specified an installer token, the select directory for symlinks page appears and you can skip to step 7. optional: on the accounts page: optional: you see a list of accounts if your user name has access to multiple accounts. next, select the account to which this molecule is associated. this step typically applies only to partners. in the command line, each account name is followed by a number within square brackets, for example, [123]. to select an account, enter its number. click next. optional: on the environment page: optional: if you created environments already, a list appears. select the one to which this molecule is attached. if you do not select one, your new molecule appears in the list of unattached atoms on the atom management page in theintegration user interface. click next. on the select destination directory page, select the folder where you installed the cloud molecule and click next. on the select local and local temp directories page: select a local directory for storing the molecule node’s working data. the directory that you select is stored in the molecule’s working data local storage directory property. select a directory for storing the molecule node’s temporary data. the directory that you select appears in the node’s bin/*.vmoptions file as -djava.io.tmpdir=<your_selected_directory>. if you do not set the local temporary directory, the platform uses your default java temp directory. the default directory is not recorded in the node’s bin/*.vmoptions file.note: if you are using a linux molecule with forked execution, you cannot use a custom directory, such as -djava.io.tmpdir=<your_selected_directory>. click next. on the select directory for symlinks page, select the don't create symlinks check box and click next. on the information page, review the installation settings, and click next. the installer installs all of the necessary files for your molecule. messages appear that say that the installer is retrieving the build number, extracting files, downloading molecule files, and then finishing the installation. when the installation is complete, click finish to start the molecule. resultsthe molecule runs as a daemon thread. you can view the molecule online by going to manage > atom management.the installation log file is located in <molecule_installation_directory>/tmp and its file name starts with i4j. next stepsnext, you can install additional molecule nodes.