install the downloaded linux version of the initial cloud molecule by running the executable file. before you begincloud molecules require either the java 8 jre or java 11 jdk. boomi recommends java 11. boomi internally tested amazon corretto openjdk java 1.8.0_362 and amazon corretto open jdk 11.0.18.10.1. before completing these steps, download the cloud molecule installer and set up linux shared directories.the installer gives you the option to select local directories for storing working data and temporary data. boomi recommends that you select a local directory for storing your working data. if you select a local directory, ensure that the directory exists before you run the installer. the installer does not create the directory for you. do not select a local directory for storing your cloud molecule's temporary data. configuring a custom temporary directory on linux interferes with the cloud molecule's operation. if you do not have java 11 installed on your machine, you can download the installer file that includes a private copy of java 11 (11.0.18.10.1) from the atom > atom management page. you can alternatively manage your own distribution of the java 11 jdk by downloading the jdk from amazon prior to installing the cloud molecule.note: ensure that you use the java binary to run the installer comes from the <jdk>/jre/bin directory and not the <jdk>/bin directory.note: if you choose not to use the user interface to install the initial cloud molecule, use the console mode option (-c) of the install4j installer. procedure locate the cloud molecule installer file that you saved on your machine. after the file is downloaded, the installation wizard can be run using a command line, which boomirecommends, or with the user interface. do one of the following: to run the installer in console mode from a command line, run the file with the -c flag, such as: sh /<path>/cloud_install64.sh -c if you use the user interface, double-click the install file (you might need to change the properties to allow the file to run): chmod +x cloud_install64.sh) or run the file from the command line without the command-only flag: sh /<path>/cloud_install64.sh on the welcome page, click next. on the user information page: select user name and password or token, depending on how you want platform to authenticate the cloud molecule. enter one of the following, depending on the selected option: type your platform user name and password type a valid installer token id you can create installer tokens when you download the cloud molecule installer from the cloud setup dialog. after generating tokens, they are valid only for the specific account and atom clouds. tokens expire after a set amount of time ranging from 30 minutes to 24 hours. type a name for the cloud molecule. the cloud molecule name is what you see following the atom cloud name when you go to manage > atom management. the name defaults to the local host name, but you can change it to something more familiar.note: the following characters are reserved and cannot be used in the name: asterisk (*), backslash (\), caret (^), colon (:), dollar sign ($), greater than (>), less than (<), percent (%), pipe (|), question mark (?), quotation mark ("), slash mark (/), yen sign (¥). click next. you connect to platform , and it authenticates your credentials. if you specified a user name and password, the accounts page appears followed by the clouds page. if you specified an installer token, the select directory for symlinks page appears and you can skip to step 7. optional: on the accounts page: optional: if your user name has access to multiple accounts, a list appears. select the account to the associated cloud molecule. this step typically applies only to partners. in the command line, each account name is followed by a number within square brackets, for example, [123]. to select an account, enter its number. click next. on the clouds page, select the atom cloud to associate with the cloud molecule and click next. this atom cloud is the one that you added on the atom management page prior to downloading the cloud molecule installer. optional: on the environment page: optional: if your account created environments, you see a list of them. select the one to which this cloud molecule will be attached. if you do not select one, your new cloud molecule will appear in the list of unattached atoms on the atom management page in the integration user interface. click next. on the select destination directory page, select the folder where the cloud molecule is installed and click next. on the select local and local temp directories page, select a local directory for storing the cloud molecule node’s working data and click next. the directory that you select is stored in the cloud’s working data local storage directory property. on the select directory for symlinks page, select the don't create symlinks check box and click next. on the information page, review the installation settings and click next. the installer installs all of the necessary files for your cloud molecule. messages appear that say the installer is retrieving the build number, extracting files, downloading cloud files, and then finishing the installation. when the installation is complete, click finish to start the cloud molecule. resultsyou can view the cloud molecule online by going to manage > atom management.the installation log file is located in <cloud_installation_directory>/tmp and its file name starts with i4j. next stepsnext you can install additional cloud molecules.