use the molecule cloud installer to install the initial molecule cloud on your windows operating system. before you begincloud molecules require either the java 8 jre or java 11 jdk. boomi recommends java 11. boomi internally tested amazon corretto openjdk java 1.8.0_362 and amazon corretto open jdk 11.0.18.10.1. before completing these steps, download the cloud molecule installer and set up a windows shared directory. depending on the version of windows you are running, you might require administrator access to run the cloud molecule installer.the installer gives you an option to select local directories for storing working data and temporary data. boomirecommends that you select local directories. if you select local directories, ensure that these directories exist before you run the installer. the installer does not create the directories for you.if you do not have java 11 installed on your machine, you can download the installer file that includes a private copy of java 11 (11.0.18.10.1) from the atom > atom management page. you can alternatively manage your own distribution of the java 11 jdk by downloading the jdk from amazon prior to installing the cloud molecule.note: ensure that you use the java binary to run the installer comes from the <jdk>/jre/bin directory and not the <jdk>/bin directory.warning: if there are unicode characters in the directory path to where you intend to install the cloud molecule, the installation will fail. procedure after downloading the cloud molecule installer, run the installation file. if you see a security verification window, click yes. the cloud setup wizard opens. on the welcome page, click next. on the user information page: select user name and password or token, depending on how you want platform to authenticate the cloud molecule. enter one of the following, depending on the option you selected: type your platform user name and password type a valid installer token you can create tokens when you download the cloud molecule installer from the cloud setup dialog. when generating tokens, they are valid only for the specific account and atom clouds. tokens expire after a set amount of time ranging from 30 minutes to 24 hours. enter a name for the cloud molecule. the cloud molecule name that you see following the atom cloud name when you go to manage > atom management. the name defaults to the local host name, but you can change it to something more familiar.note: the following characters are reserved and cannot be used in the name: asterisk (*), backslash (\), caret (^), colon (:), dollar sign ($), greater than (>), less than (<), percent (%), pipe (|), question mark (?), quotation mark ("), slash mark (/), yen sign (¥). optional: if the local machine uses an http proxy to connect to the internet, select use proxy settings and enter the appropriate host, port, user name, and password for the proxy. if you do not fill out the proxy settings now, you can add them later. click next. you connect to platform and, and it authenticates your credentials. if you specified a user name and password, the accounts page appears followed by the clouds page. if you specify an installer token, the select destination directory page appears and you can skip to step 7. optional: on the accounts page: optional: if your user name has access to multiple accounts, a list of accounts appear. select the account with which to associate this cloud molecule. this step typically applies only to partners. click next. on the clouds page, select the atom cloud with which to associate this cloud molecule and click next. this step is the atom cloud that you added to the atom management panel before downloading the cloud molecule installer. optional: on the environment page: optional: if you created environments for your account, a list of them appears. select the environment with which to attach this cloud molecule. if you do not select one, your new cloud molecule appears in the list of unattached atoms on the atom management page in the integration user interface. click next. on the select destination directory page, select the installation directory and click next. you must install the cloud molecule in the shared directory from the first machine using the full unc path of the shared directory. for example, the directory name appears as: //<host_name>/share/<cloud_installation_directory> where <host_nameis the name of the machine. you also can choose a sub-directory of the unc path. on the select local and local temp directories page: select a local directory for storing the cloud molecule node’s working data. the directory that you select is stored in the cloud’s working data local storage directory property. select a directory for storing the cloud molecule node’s temporary data. the directory that you select appears in the node’s bin/*.vmoptions file as -djava.io.tmpdir=<your_selected_directory>where <your_selected_directory> is the name of the top-level folder in the directory. if you do not set the local temporary directory, it uses your default java temp directory. the default directory is not recorded in the node’s bin/*.vmoptions file. click next. on the select start menu folder page, modify any start menu settings and shortcuts and click next. on the information panel, review the installation settings and click next. the all of the necessary files install for your cloud molecule. after completing the installation, click finish to start the cloud molecule. next stepsyou need to set up the atom cloud’s windows service.