install the downloaded windows version of the molecule by running the executable file. before you beginmolecules require the java 8 jre or the java 11 jdk. boomi recommends java 11. boomi internally tested amazon corretto openjdk java 1.8.0_362 and amazon corretto open jdk 11.0.18.10.1. before completing these steps, download the molecule installer and set up a windows shared directory. depending on the version of windows you are running, you might require administrator access to run the molecule installer.the installer installs a private copy of java 11 (11.0.18.10.1) for the molecule to use. alternatively, you can manage your own distribution of the java 11 jdk by downloading the jdk fromamazon prior to installing the molecule.note: if you manage your own java version instead of using the distribution provided by boomi, molecules using forked execution require the java 8 jdk rather than the jre. java 11 is distributed as a jdk by default, so no additional considerations are required when using this version.the installer gives you the option to select local directories for storing working data and temporary data. boomi recommends that you select local directories. if you select local directories, you must ensure that these directories exist before you run the installer. the installer does not create the directories for you.warning: if there are unicode characters in the directory path to where you intend to install the molecule, the installation will fail. procedure after downloading the molecule installer, run the executable file. if you see a security verification window, click yes. the molecule setup wizard opens. if the installer cannot find the jre on your machine, you receive a download prompt. download the jre to your machine. on the welcome page, click next. on the user information page: select user name and password or token, depending on how you want platform to authenticate the molecule. enter one of the following, depending on the selected option: your platform user name and password. a valid installer token. you can generate installer tokens when you download the molecule installer from the molecule setup dialog. when generating tokens, they are valid only for the specific account and atom clouds. tokens expire after a set amount of time ranging from 30 minutes to 24 hours. enter a name for the molecule. the molecule name is what you see when you go to manage > atom management. the name defaults to the local host name, and you can change it to something more familiar.note: the following characters are reserved and cannot be used in the name: asterisk (*), backslash (\), caret (^), colon (:), dollar sign ($), greater than (>), less than (<), percent (%), pipe (|), question mark (?), quotation mark ("), slash mark (/), yen sign (¥). optional: if the local machine uses an http proxy to connect to the internet, select the use proxy settings check box and enter the appropriate host, port, user name, and password for the proxy. if you do not fill out the proxy settings now, you can add them later. click next. you connect to platform and the platform authenticates your credentials. if you specified a user name and password, the accounts page appears. if you specified an installer token, the select destination directory page appears and you can skip to step 7. optional: on the accounts page: optional: if your user name has access to multiple accounts, you see a list of accounts. select the account to which this molecule is associated. this step typically applies only to partners. click next. optional: on the environment page: optional: if you have created environments already, a list appears. select the environment to which this molecule is attached. if you do not select one, your new molecule appears in the list of unattached atoms on the atom management page in the integration user interface. click next. on the select destination directory page, select the installation directory and click next. you must install the molecule in the shared directory from the first machine. the directory name must look like this: //<host_name>/share/<molecule_installation_directory>. on the select local and local temp directories page: select a local directory for storing the molecule node’s working data. the directory that you select is stored in the molecule’s working data local storage directory property. select a directory for storing the molecule node’s temporary data. the directory that you select appears in the node’s bin/*.vmoptions file as -djava.io.tmpdir=<your_selected_directory>. if you do not set the local temporary directory, it uses the default java temp directory. the default directory does not record in the node’s bin/*.vmoptions file. click next. on the select start menu folder page, modify any start menu settings and shortcuts and click next. on the information page, review the installation settings and click next. the installer installs all of the necessary files for your molecule. when the installation is complete, click finish to start the molecule. resultsthe molecule runs as a windows service. you can view the molecule online by going to manage > atom management. next stepsnext, you need to set up the molecule’s windows service.