use the browse process library dialog, which is accessible from the build page, to install published processes. procedure go to the build page and click the browse process library link under the component explorer (or click browse all processes on the start tab). the browse process library dialog opens. the published processes that are accessible to the account you are using are listed. find the process that you want to install by doing one of the following: browsing the list. clicking search processes and typing in the field to filter the list. as you type, the process list is filtered to include only processes whose names or descriptions match the typed characters partially or completely. using the filter by publisher list to turn on the check boxes for the publishers whose processes you want to see. optional: click the view button for a process. the list is replaced by additional details about the selected process, including the date and time it was published, who published it, and a description (if one was supplied). click install from the process list or the process details. the process installation dialog is displayed with fields for specifying the installation folder and the local process name. in the select installation location field, do one of the following: click choose to select a folder from the drop-down list. click to create a new folder. a copy of the published process are installed in the specified folder. optional: in the process name for local version field, replace the name of the published process with the name that you want to assign to the locally installed copy of the process. if the process name you specify is the same as the name of an existing process in your account, the existing process is not overwritten. instead the process you are installing has a number appended to the specified name when it is installed. click install. a copy of the selected process is installed and a confirmation is displayed. do one of the following: to open the newly installed process in the build page, click view process. to return to the process list, click back to library. to close the dialog and return to the build page, click close.