boomi offers different tiers of subscriptions called integration editions. when you purchase integration, you have a choice of these editions to choose from. the following editions are available: personal edition (30 day free trial) base edition professional edition professional plus edition enterprise edition enterprise plus edition the personal edition is intended for trial or "sandbox" use. it gives you access to the full range of integration process design capabilities and lets you build any number of processes with any number and type of connections. however, features for scheduling and deploying processes for "production" usage are locked. during your trial or after your trial period expires, you can click the subscribe link or contact your sales representative at sales@boomi.com to purchase a subscription. you can upgrade your account to unlock the other integration features, including the ability to deploy the integration processes you built during your trial, subject to the same terms. like any trial subscription, there are some specific features and limitations associated with the personal edition. personal editions features and limitations table 1. personal edition features build any number of integration processes. execute processes using test mode (see test mode limitations below). access all of integration's process logic and transformation functionality. configure and test any number and type of connections. install one or more atoms. limitations in test mode, you can process only a maximum of 100 documents or a total of 10 mb of data in a single process execution. you cannot schedule processes to run automatically. you cannot deploy processes to atom(s). there is no process execution history. you cannot publish custom-built connectors. you do not have access to any clouds. additionally, we also offer editions for the trading partner shape, edi, and b2b solutions. however, these are in their own integration edition. to enable these capabilities in your account, contact your boomi account representative. features and supportreview the various features and levels of support provided with each of the editions.if you are a small business owner and need to integrate two applications, you may want to consider our base edition starter solution. availability for some features can require additional cost at the professional and pro plus tiers and it is indicated by a dollar sign ($). number values indicate the number of items that are included in the edition price. for more information about what offers are available for each edition, please contact your boomi representative.feature offerings features description base edition professional edition professional plus edition enterprise edition enterprise plus edition standard features drag-and-drop interface to design, deploy, and run integration workflows. ability to integrate any combination of on-premises, cloud, and saas applications or data sources. access to the boomi suggest smart integration engine, data conversion between any supported data format, and upgrades to the latest platform versions. multiple environments (production/test) environments support dedicated and separate environments, such as for test and production. you can build, test, and promote processes between environments with a full audit trail of the deployment, and by whom.note: the base edition includes only production environments. advanced workflow components for platform users to build their integrations faster, and lower the ongoing maintenance cost of updating the integrations. services enablement automate business processes with no-latency and real-time movement of data and transactions between your various applications. additionally, you can lower the cost of integration projects by maximizing the reuse of your enterprise assets. $ atom worker/test atom worker a real-time, high performing, and custom configured resource for the boomi atom cloud that ensures predictable performance levels. delivery includes one atom worker and one test atom worker as part of the services enablement. $ 1/1 2/2 2/2 parallel processing improve performance of large batch operations, such as etl or data warehouse integration scenarios. this ensures your business service levels are met by efficiently processing data during offline time; with the ability to manage short time windows, by simply increasing the size of the molecule. $ $ advanced security ensure adherence to external audit and compliance priorities such as sox, ssae16, and so on, by controlling which users have access to key functions within theplatform. $ $ message queuing enable simple, reliable asynchronous process runs whereby a process can invoke other processes in a completely separate invocation. messages can be sent to multiple recipients and persist until they are fully processed. $ $ $ standard connectors (production/test) required for integration of each unique standard-class application or database in a production or non-production environment. use standard connectors with a standard license per connection and applies to most connectors on the platform. 2/na 5/5 7/7 10/20 15/30 enterprise connectors required for the integration of each unique enterprise-class application or database. enterprise connectors require an enterprise license per connection and applies to a small subset of application connectors available in integration (such as sap and oracle). $ $ 1/2 2/4 molecules the single-tenant, clustered atom that allows multiple processes to run concurrently. you can deploy molecules across multiple servers to enhance load balancing and ensure high availability for mission-critical integration processes. $ $ 2 2 boomi atom cloud attachments (production/test) reserved allocation to an atom cloud used by an account to define an atom in support of process deployment and runs. 1/1 1/1 2/2 2/2 support offerings indicates that it includes a support level in the monthly subscription of your integration edition. shows that a support level is not included at the integration edition tier but is available at higher subscription tiers. availability for some features can require additional cost at the professional and pro plus tiers, indicated by a dollar sign ($). please get in touch with your boomi representative for more information about what offerings are available for each edition. description base edition professional edition pro plus edition enterprise edition enterprise plus edition standard support standard support provides access to all the boomi help documentation, boomiverse user forums, and general training material. also available is live chat for quick questions or reporting possible problems, and 15 case submissions per year through the online customer portal. general issues and inquiries are responded to within two business days. premier support premier support provides a higher level of technical support for boomi customers. premier support includes: all standard support features with unlimited case submissions. 24/5 phone support for any severity issues. an eight-business-hour case response time. $ $ $ $ premier plus support premier plus support provides the highest level of technical support for boomi customers. premier plus support includes: all the features of standard support and premier support. addition of 24/7 phone support for any severity issues. four-business-hour response time. $ $