use listener processes to monitor incoming requests to an endpoint. in a listener process, the start shape either has a connector with the listen action or is configured with the trading partner option. when a listener process is deployed, the start shape monitors incoming requests to the endpoint. each incoming request is routed to the remainder of the process along with any posted document. if a connector with the listen action is configured in the start shape, the endpoint is defined by the shape’s connector operation and the atom’s shared server settings. if the start shape is configured with the trading partner option, the endpoint is defined by the shape configuration and the trading partner components specified in the shape configuration. the following connectors support the listen action: as2 shared server boomi atom queue boomi flow services server jms mllp server note: the following limitations apply to the mllp server connector: the connector is single-tenant and therefore you cannot use it securely in either public boomi atom clouds or private atom clouds. the connector is limited to one port per environment and therefore you cannot use it to satisfy use cases requiring a multi-port listener. oftp2 server salesforce platform events sap web services server for the web services server connector, you can optionally define endpoints in api service components in accounts for which the api management feature is enabled. the listeners panel in the atom management page (manage > atom management) lists listener processes that are deployed to individual atoms, molecules, and atom clouds. for each listener, the panel shows the state: listening, paused, or errored. you can pause, resume, or restart all or selected listeners for a selected atom, molecule, or atom cloud. in addition, there are links to process components and to process execution reporting. note: if you change a process’ start shape connector action from listen to get, when you subsequently deploy that process to an atom, any instances of the process deployed as listeners on that atom are stopped. conversely, if you change a process’ start shape connector action from get to listen, when you subsequently deploy that process to an atom, existing schedules for the process on that atom are stopped. note: test mode does not support real-time triggering and, therefore, cannot be used with listener processes.