before installing the molecule on windows: ensure that your computer meets the system requirements, including access to powershell. synchronize clocks. consider failover and disaster recovery needs. you have administrator access to the machine. check molecule system requirements check the molecule’s system requirements, linked below.warning: if there are unicode characters in the directory path to where you intend to install the molecule, the installation will fail. install powershell the molecule nodes require a minimum of windows powershell version 2.0. molecules also support later versions, such as windows powershell 5.1 and powershell 7.0. windows installs powershell on every version starting with windows 7 sp1 and windows server 2008 r2 sp1. for more information, see installing windows powershell and installing powershell on windows. synchronize clocks and time zones ensure that the clock on all molecule nodes, including central storage services (such as nfs), synchronize regularly using a network time protocol (ntp) server. however, suppose the clocks on the machines are not closely synchronized. in that case, you are likely to encounter problems with: clustering protocol accurate time recording for cross-node action accurate handling of files on the shared file system ensure that you set all machines to use the same time zone, including the devices on which the molecule nodes run and the file servers you use. see your operating system’s documentation for instructions on setting your machines’ time zone. consider failover and disaster recovery needs for information about backup and disaster recovery best practices for molecules and atom clouds, review the following resources in the boomi community: best practices for run time high availability and disaster recovery knowledge article backup and disaster recovery video if you take point-in-time snapshots of your systems with a tool such as vmware, you do not have to take images of the nodes in a molecule or atom cloud. the nodes do not contain any valuable information beyond operating system settings. however, if you want to take a snapshot of a molecule or atom cloud node, do so only once at setup time and before starting the node. note: boomi does not recommend taking snapshots of molecule or atom cloud nodes on an ongoing basis. doing so can negatively impact the node's operational stability. obtain administrator access depending on the version of windows you are running, you might require administrator access to the system where you plan to install molecule nodes. install the molecule download the molecule installer. set up a windows shared directory for the molecule. install the initial molecule node on windows. set up the molecule’s windows service. install additional molecules nodes. you must do this on each windows machine that you include in the molecule. (optional) see the section about maintaining atoms, molecules, and atom clouds. you might want to modify how the molecule runs, change default settings or even remove it. (optional) if you didn’t enable local storage when you ran the installer, boomi recommends that you do so to reduce unnecessary network traffic. see the topic about enabling working data storage. boomi molecule aws quick start if you are considering aws infrastructure to host your molecule, you might want to consider the boomi molecule aws quick start to simplify your installation and configuration. the boomi molecule on aws quick start can reduce hundreds of manual procedures into just a few steps. as a result, customers can build a boomi molecule production environment quickly and start using it immediately. the boomi molecule aws quick start includes a reference architecture and a deployment guide, providing easy-to-understand instructions on how to deploy a fully functioning boomi molecule cluster on aws in less than 30 minutes. to get started, go to the boomi molecule on aws quick start. there are aws credits available to cover the cost of initial poc and trial deployments based on approval. contact boomi.aws.team@dell.com to learn more about getting started and also visit the boomiverse article deploy a boomi molecule cluster on aws with one click.