you can improve performance by using local storage for working data. working data is data that does not need to be available either to other molecule or atom cloud nodes or beyond the lifetime of a process or operation. molecules and atom clouds store working data by default in their data and tmpdata directories within the molecule or atom cloud installation directory. multi-tenant atom clouds store account-specific working data by default in directories within the atom cloud installation directory’s accounts directory. for example, account-specific working data for account-123456 is stored by default in <atom_cloud_installation_directory>/accounts/account-123456. local storage for molecules and atom cloudsconfiguring molecules and atom clouds to use local storage for working data reduces unnecessary network traffic to the shared working data storage.the installers provide an option to select local directories for storing working data and temporary data when you install the molecule or atom cloud node. boomi recommends that you select local directories. if you select local directories, be sure that these directories exist before you run the installer. the installer does not create the directories for you.if you did not select a local directory for working data when you ran the installer, you can set the directory later. to enable and configure local working data storage for a molecule or atom cloud, set the working data local storage directory property (com.boomi.container.localdir) in the molecule or atom cloud’s properties dialog. for example, set the working data local storage directory property to =c://boomi//local (for windows) or to =/opt/boomi/local (for linux). see the topic to enable local storage for a molecule or atom cloud.to set a different working data storage location for each node in a molecule or atom cloud, specify them in node-specific container.properties files. see the topic to add a node-specific container.properties file.note: boomi recommends not using the system’s /temp directory as the local working data storage location because this directory may be cleaned out in a way that would interfere with process execution. partitioned storage for multi-tenant atom cloudsyou can configure multi-tenant atom clouds to use partitioned storage for account-specific working data. with partitioned storage, account directories are spread among multiple shared network directories instead of all residing in the atom cloud installation directory. this spreads network i/o load across multiple file servers and allows independent backups and restores of smaller subsets of accounts.to enable and configure partitioned storage for an atom cloud, set the account working data directories property (com.boomi.container.accountsdirs) in the atom cloud’s properties dialog to specify multiple shared network directories. use the semi-colon (;) as the separator character, for example com.boomi.container.accountsdirs=\\\\fileserver1\\cloud\\accounts;\\\\fileserver2\\cloud\\accounts. see the topic to enable partitioned storage for an atom cloud.when partitioned storage is enabled, account directories are spread between the specified locations for load balancing that is based primarily on the amount of free disk space and secondarily on the count of previously assigned accounts. as new accounts are added to the atom cloud, they are assigned to the specified locations based on the same criteria.