complete the following tasks before building your first process. search:columntaskdescription taskdescription platform verify that you have access to your boomi platform account google account verify that you have a valid google account. if you do not already have one, sign up on the create your google account page. you can optionally use this gmail address to send and receive emails when testing your processes. csv file download the csv file by clicking the attachments button on this right hand side of this help page. open the csv file (use google sheets or excel) and populate the first_name, middle_initial, last_name, and email_address cells (the blank cells under the headings in the first row) with valid data from either your boomi platform account, or a valid google account. when testing your process, email_address determines who receives an email about dr. smith retiring. caution: do not remove the data from the insurance_company_name, plan_type, group_id, issuer, id, last_visit_date, and active columns. additionally, do not remove the sheettitle and spreadsheetid columns. save the csv file. open the csv file with a text editor, and save it as a text file named patient_information.txt. atom install an atom. an atom is a lightweight, dynamic runtime engine where processes can be executed. processes are executed on one or more atoms. before you test and run a process you must first set up an atom. you can set up an atom locally on a machine within your network, if your integration scenario includes local resources. they can also be set up virtually on an atom within a boomi atom cloud—or in another atom cloud if you have access—if your integration scenario requires only internet-accessible applications and/or data locations.after deploying your integration processes to your atom, the atom contains the components required to execute your processes from end-to-end, including connectors, transformation rules, decision handling, and processing logic. mail connector create the mail connection and operation. next step creating the mail connection and operation