processes contain a series of steps, represented by shapes, that determine how data is run within the system. each shape performs a certain action on the data. you create a process by dragging shapes from the shapes palette onto the process canvas, configuring the shapes, and connecting them in a specific order to control how the data flows through the process. the shapes palette is divided into three groups: execute, logic, and connect. you can search for shapes across these groups by typing all or part of a shape name in the search box at the top of the palette. the results appear in a search results tab that temporarily overlays the execute, logic, and connect tabs. each time you place a shape on the canvas, a dialog appears in which you can configure the shape. the controls in the dialog vary, depending on the type of shape you are using. you might need to choose a component, set parameters, set properties, or change other settings particular to the shape. after you close the configuration dialog, the shape appears on the canvas. if the shape is missing a required configuration, an icon and the word “configure” appear below the shape. you can reopen the configuration dialog at any time to change the settings. note: to add an annotation to the process canvas, click the add note link above the process canvas. you can type a note, save it, then drag and drop it to the desired location on the process canvas. to edit or delete the note, pause on its icon. while setting up a process you can also connect, disconnect, arrange, copy, paste, move, and remove shapes. processes can contain a maximum of 250 shapes and notes. if a process contains 100 shapes and notes, each time that you open the process, drag and drop a new shape onto the process canvas, add a note to the process, or paste shapes into the process, you receive a warning that you are approaching the limit. when a process contains 250 shapes and notes, you cannot add any more shapes or notes to it. if pasting a number of copied shapes or notes into the process would cause you to exceed the limit, you receive a warning and you are not able to paste the shapes or notes into the process. arranging shapes as you build a process on the process canvas, to keep the process as easy to understand and maintain as possible, you can manually move its shapes by dragging and dropping them. manually moving shapes can be inefficient, though, because of the way they are connected. in many cases the preferred alternative to manually moving shapes is one-click, automatic arrangement. when automatic arrangement is complete, the shapes, branches, and routes on the process canvas are neatly aligned. before you request automatic arrangement, you should save your process. that way if you are dissatisfied with the new arrangement, you can easily revert the process to the last saved revision. note: when shapes are automatically arranged, notes and unconnected shapes are moved to the lower left of the process canvas. copying and pasting shapes process shapes can be copied and pasted within the same process or into a different process. you can copy one shape at a time or you can select multiple shapes to copy and paste. when you copy one or more process shapes, the following rules apply: copies the shape’s configuration, set in its properties dialog. if a shape references components, it copies the references to the components but does not copy the components themselves. therefore, if the original shape and the copied shape reference the same component and if someone edits the component, it affects the original shape, the copied shape, and any other process shapes that use that component. when you copy and paste a shape, the copied shape’s configuration (but not the referenced component) is independent from the original shape. it looks the same as the original shape and it has the same configuration, but if you change the copied shape’s configuration, the original shape’s configuration does not change. if you copy multiple shapes connected by lines and arrows, it maintains the connecting lines between the copied shapes. however, if there are connecting lines to other shapes you did not copy, those connecting lines remain, but they do not connect to the uncopied shapes. if you copy multiple shapes and there is a note within the selection set, it also copies the note. you cannot copy start shapes individually. in addition, if you copy multiple shapes, including a start shape, you cannot paste the start shape because a process can have one start shape only. you can paste the shape(s) that you copy until you close the browser window, switch out of integration to another browser page, or until you select another shape(s) to copy. adding components to create shapes you can add components, such as trading partners, maps, or connections, to your process by clicking on the plus sign that appears when you hover over the arrow at the end of a shape . when you click it, the list of available shapes appear from which you can quickly search by name and then select one. additionally, you are also provided with intelligent recommendations on the next shapes you can add to your process, based on the context of previous shapes used. the new shape is added and automatically connected to the previous shape. after adding the new shape and it connects to the previous one, a green arrow shows the successful connection. you can also still drag components, from the component explorer onto the process canvas with the component settings preselected in the related shape. then, you can configure them further and connect them to a process. additionally, you can drag items from the component explorer into any field in a shape that allows that type of component as an input. for example, you can drag a map component into the map field on the map shape. configuring shapes you can edit process shapes either when you first add them to a process or later. upon first dragging a shape to the process canvas, the configuration dialog opens by default. a single click on a shape opens its configuration dialog. while working within the configuration dialog, pressing the esc key closes the dialog without saving your changes. shape labels most shapes have a default label that appears below its icon on the process canvas. the default label describes the shape type. some examples are the set properties, message, and branch shapes. other shapes have a default label that changes based on how you configure the shape. for example, when you add a connector shape you have to select the type of connector that you want to use. after selecting a connector, its name appears as the connector shape label on the process canvas. a few shapes do not have a default label. some examples are the map and decision shapes. all shapes have an optional label field. you can type a name in this field to make it easier for you to identify the shape on the process canvas. custom labels are especially useful when you have multiple shapes of the same type within the same process. the custom label can contain special characters and there is no limit to its length. user-defined shape labels appear in several places: on the process canvas below the shape’s icon — the custom label that you add takes the place of the default or configured label on the shape and it appears on the shapes that do not have a label by default. for example, if you add a custom label to the stop or program command shape, the label appears in addition to the configured label. on the build page when testing a process — the custom label appears on the process canvas in test mode and, when you select the shape, in the logs in the test results window. on the process reporting page — the custom label appears in the view process state dialog and in the show log dialog.