integration uses a graphical interface to represent processes. it provides a large canvas that displays different shapes that you can manipulate to create a process. the process is the central component within integration. every process shape represents an action that transforms the data in a document.. it is a graphical representation of the path that a document takes from the point at which it is received or retrieved to the point at which it is sent to one or more destinations. there are three types of shapes in integraion: execute shapes manipulate or transform the data. logic shapes control the flow of data through the process. connect shapes retrieve data into the process or send data out of the process. shapes are contained in a palette to the right of the process canvas. you can add shapes to the process canvas and connect them by clicking on the icon that appears at the end of a shape or by dragging and dropping a shape to the end of the dashed line. by connecting shapes you control how the data flows within the process. each shape within the process performs a specific task on the given data, and in turn, can place transformed data back into the process to be manipulated by other shapes further down the path. the image below represents a process on the build page. the process contains a series of shapes on the canvas. if you open a process that is too large to view, a navigation palette opens on the canvas automatically. additionally, an integration process uses a set of connectors to collect data from each shape. the connectors’ function is to retrieve and/or send that data to and from one or more sources and destinations. both the source and destination can be a data source such as disk, mail, http, ftp, sftp, or database. the source can also be an on-premise or web application. connectors also perform various actions on the data they collect by using execute shapes, logic shapes, maps, and map functions. connecting shapes on the canvas is the heart of all processes in integration. now that you learned about the pieces and steps and understand how to build processes, you can use this knowledge to build more complex processes to suit your needs. go to the build canvas to get started building your first process. if you feel you need further assistance, contact your boomi administrator.