publish a process to make it available for installation into managed accounts.before you beginbefore you can publish any process or component, you must create a "packaged component" version of it and mark it shareable.about this taskafter you have tested a packaged process and found it to be suitable for installation into managed accounts, the next step toward making the process available is to publish it.note: for legacy deployment, api service components must also be published in order to be included in an integration pack. procedureon the process library page in the packaged processes list, do one of the following to locate a shareable packaged process: click the add filter button nnd select a preset filter. type all or part of the process name in the search box.select the process so that it is highlighted but do not select its check box.click publish package. the publish package dialog opens.optional: to display information about the selected package version, click view details. the package details page is displayed. optional: to select a different version of the package to publish, click select another version. the select package version page is displayed.optional: in the publication description field, type a description of the publication. this description appears in the browse process library dialog where users select published processes to install. optional: if you want to include passwords, select include passwords in publication. any passwords that are specified within the process are included in the publication. optional: in the publication notes field, type internal notes describing the changes for the new publication.click publish. the newly published version appears in the publication history table.next stepsafter a process is published it must be shared in order to become available for installation in managed accounts. sharing means adding the process as a resource to account groups of which managed accounts are members — you do this in the setup page on the account groups tab.