publish an older version of a process for use by managed accounts. about this task you can effectively "roll back" a published version that has problems. you cannot delete a published version of a process; you can negate a published version only by publishing a new version or republishing a previous version. note: republishing a previous version does not roll back the current process configuration as you see it on the build page. you must perform this step on the build page through the process revision history. note: for legacy deployment, api service components can also be published and republished. the interface for republishing a publication version under legacy deployment varies slightly from this task. procedure in the process library page, highlight the process in the packaged processes list (but do not turn on its check box). the publication history table is displayed. click actions for the version that you want to republish and select republish. note that the republish option is only available for older versions of your published packages— the newest published version will not have this option. the republish package dialog opens. optional: to display information about the selected package version, click view details. the package details page is displayed. optional: in the publication description field, type a description of the publication. optional: if you want to include passwords, select include passwords in publication. any passwords that are specified within the process are included in the publication. optional: in the publication notes field, type internal notes describing the reason for republishing. click republish. a newly published version appears in the publication history table. the new version is identical to the version you selected in step 2; the new version negates the most recently published version. for example, if version 5 is the most recently published version and you republish version 4, a new version 6 will be published with the same process revisions as were in version 4.in the publication notes column for the new version, the following appear, in order: the reason for republishing that you typed in the publication notes field, if any publication notes for the source version, if any