you can modify the rolling restart behavior on molecules or atom clouds. if you restart all the nodes in a molecule or atom cloud at the same time, the molecule or atom cloud becomes temporarily unavailable. by default, platform attempts to restart the nodes in a molecule or atom cloud on a rolling basis. during a rolling restart, the following occurs: the nodes within a molecule or atom cloud take turns restarting. while restarting, a node is unresponsive to requests. each node waits for any running processes to complete before restarting. a rolling restart of molecules and atom clouds is performed in the following situations: when a new release of platform is available (after june 2016). when release updates to certain connectors force an atom restart. when you set or change a property on the properties panel, click save, and choose the restart now option. when you click restart atom on the atom information panel of atom management (manage > atom management). when you use a java monitoring tool such as java visualvm to manually restart a molecule or atom cloud and you select the rollingrestartcluster operation. you can modify the rolling restart behavior by changing the following properties on the advanced tab of the properties panel: cluster rolling restart percentage (com.boomi.container.cluster.rollingrestart.clusterrestartpercentage) controls what percentage of the nodes are restarted simultaneously. the default is 50%. rolling restart force timeout (com.boomi.container.cluster.rollingrestart.forcerestarttimeout) controls how long a node will wait for restart to complete. after this time, the node begins restarting regardless of the status of any other nodes. the default is 30 minutes. rolling restart next in line timeout (com.boomi.container.cluster.rollingrestart.nextinlinerestarttimeout) controls how long a node will wait for the "next in line" node to complete the restart process and return to running status. the default is 5 minutes. note: for some types of release updates, the update process is not compatible with earlier releases of platform. for those updates, all nodes must be restarted simultaneously; a rolling restart of molecules and atom clouds cannot be performed. release updates that are not backwards-compatible are infrequent, and boomi provides advance notice of such releases.