the runtime release is the official release of boomi runtime features, enhancements, and fixes. about the runtime releasethe runtime release can include updates for the following runtime containers: atoms, molecules, and atom clouds api gateways specific connectors the runtime release typically occurs two weeks prior to the platform release date. applying the runtime release is an optional action. you can apply available runtime release updates at any point between the runtime release and the platform release. if you choose not to apply the runtime release, you receive all runtime updates automatically on the platform release date, which typically occurs on the second saturday of each month. after applying the runtime release to accounts automatically, all runtime containers immediately restart and can require downtime. to avoid disrupting your processes and configurations, you can use the runtime release up to two weeks sooner and perform the mandatory restart of runtime containers as needed. note: when applying the runtime release, api gateways, atoms, and the nodes in your molecules and atom clouds restart on a rolling basis. for more information, see the topic rolling restart of molecules and atom clouds. monthly release notes, published at the start of the runtime release, list the updates that are or are not available in the runtime release. a list of upcoming runtime release dates are on the notifications page. the runtime release does not include any features, enhancements, or fixes pertaining to the user interface, boomi platform, or platform api and partner api updates. applying the runtime release in the integration service, you can apply available runtime release updates to individual atoms (or clustered molecules or atom clouds) and connectors using the atom & connector versions panel using these instructions, or schedule to automatically apply all runtime updates in bulk using the runtime release scheduling panel using these instructions. note: pending atom and connector updates are also available on the boomi test atom clouds during the runtime release period. questions and answers about runtime release is the runtime release considered a release candidate or beta release? the runtime release is neither a beta release or a release candidate, but rather it is an official release. a release candidate (or beta release) is a version of the release that allows customers to test features and report defects, which are then prioritized and fixed in time for the full release. report any issues related to the runtime release to boomi support. boomi fixes issues as part of the regular development cycle for inclusion in a future release. how can i know what features and fixes are or are not available in the runtime release? with each runtime release, boomi provides release notes that list the features and fixes included in boomi's runtime release. how do i know when updates are available prior to the platform release? a system message appears in integration when runtime release updates are available. you also can check the atom & connector versions panel in the integration service, or the gateway version and broker version panels in the api management service to see if pending updates are listed for the respective runtime containers. see the applying the runtime release section of this topic for more information.additionally, the runtime release schedule is also posted on the notifications page. who is able to apply the runtime release updates? to apply updates to atoms, molecules, or clouds, users with the atom management privilege (typically users with the administrator role) can apply the runtime release. you also must be authorized to update the selected atom. you cannot apply updates to an atom that you do not own, for example, a boomi atom cloud. to apply updates to api gateways or authentication brokers, users with the api management privilege (typically users with the administrator role) can apply the runtime release. if i have multiple atoms, do i have to update all of them at the same time? no, you do not have to update all of your atoms at once. instead, you can individually update any atom, molecule, atom cloud, api gateway, or authentication broker as needed. see the section applying the runtime release of this topic for more details. will the runtime containers be updated or rolled back immediately after i click the button to apply or to rollback updates? the request is sent to the container immediately. allow time for the updates or rollback to take effect. the container may restart during this process. it waits for a period of inactivity before applying the updates or rollback. can people use the platform while i apply the updates or a rollback? yes, users who are logged into the platform are not affected. can updates be applied to or rolled back on a runtime container that is not currently running? no, the updates or rollback are applied to the container the next time it starts. what happens if i don’t apply the runtime release updates prior to the platform release? on the platform release date, both the runtime release and platform release updates update accounts automatically.