search the list of packaged components on the deploy > packaged components page.on the packaged components page, the list displays all packaged components that were previously created on the account. results are displayed chronologically in descending order, with the most recent created packaged components at the top.at the top of the packaged components list, there is a filter icon and a search box. you can search for packaged components by component name or version, or filter the list by: component — filter results by an exact component name. the list only shows deployable components that were previously packaged, which are organized according to folder hierarchy on the build tab. component type — filter results by the type of component. for example, a process or an api service. sharing capabilities — filter results by whether or not the packaged component can or cannot be shared publicly to the process library or integration packs. show deleted packaged components — filter for packaged components with a status of "deleted". a deleted status means that a specific version of a packaged component was deleted from use and cannot be used in a deployment, the process library, or integration packs.note: the packaged components page only displays active status packaged components by default. you must first apply the "show deleted packaged components" filter to both view and sort by deleted packaged components. packaged component id — filter results by an exact id. you can locate and copy a packaged component's id by going to the action menu > package component details page. the search box returns "like" results, whereas the filters return exact results. you can use both the search box and filters in combination with one another; this enables you to search for versions or specific component names if these values were changed between versions. note: the components list appears empty when no deployable components are created or too many search filters are applied. use the following topics to learn how to use the search and filter functionalities for finding specific packaged components.