in the google cloud platform, a project is a collection of settings, credentials, and metadata about the application you're working on that makes use of the google apis. the google cloud platform is where you manage certain project tasks, such as generating api credentials, enabling apis, etc. about this taskthe google sheets connector creates entries in the google sheet you created in the prerequisites. before using the google sheets connector, you use the google cloud platform to create a project, enable the google sheets and google drive apis, set up oauth credentials, and generate the client id and secret that you will use in the google sheets connection.note: these steps assume that you have not used the google cloud platform before to create a project. if you have already created a project, your steps may not match these steps exactly. however, with these high-level steps, you should still be able to successfully set up the credentials. procedure sign in to the google cloud platform using the google account credentials you set up in the prerequisites for your first process. agree to google's terms of service. select an existing project (if one already exists), or create a new project. after creation, follow the on-screen prompts. enable both the google sheets api and google drive api for your project. create oauth client id credentials for your project. follow the on-screen prompts and ensure you provide information for all required fields. you do not have to specify scope. however, ensure that you add the user associated with the project and for which the client id and client secret is generated. otherwise, you may receive an error when attempting to generate the access token for the google sheets connection. application name — enter any appropriate name for your application. for example, boomi test project. authorized domains — add boomi.com and verify that you have added the domain. application type — select web application. name — enter a unique name for the oauth client id. authorized javascript origins — enter https://platform.boomi.com as the uri. authorized redirect uris — enter https://platform.boomi.com/account/<your account id>/oauth2/callback replace <your account id> with your valid account id. you can find your account id in integration by selecting setup in the account menu and clicking the account information tab. the google cloud platform displays your client id and client secret. copy the credentials to a text editor and keep them in a safe place. you need to provide your credentials when creating the google sheets connection. resultsafter completing these steps, you have successfully set up the google sheets credentials, created a project, enabled both the google sheets and google drive apis, set up your oauth credentials, and generated your client id and secret that you will use in the google sheets connection. next steps creating the google sheets connection and operation