if multicast (udp) support is disabled or not available to all the nodes in a molecule or cloud molecules in an atom cloud, you can configure those containers to use unicast (tcp) for cluster communication. before you begin you must have the atom management privilege to perform this task. if you have the atom management read access privilege, you cannot perform the task. procedure in the manage menu, select atom management. select the molecule or cloud molecule from the list. in settings & configuration, click properties. the molecule properties or cloud properties panel opens. click the advanced tab. select the cluster network transport type property, click add property, and type unicast in the property value field. by default, a node does the following: attempts to detect a minimum of two initial hosts for cluster communication waits up to 30 seconds for hosts to show up in <installation_directory>/bin/views note: if the cluster network transport type container property is not set, multicast support is enabled by default. optional: if the default unicast port of 7800 conflicts with an existing product on the molecule node or cloud molecule, select the tcp port for unicast property, click add property, and specify a port number in the property value field. optional: to customize the auto-detection of initial hosts, set the following properties: select the minimum number of hosts for unicast auto-detect property, click add property, and type a value in the property value field. the default is 2. select the timeout for unicast auto-detect property, click add property, and type a number of seconds in the property value field. the node waits the specified amount of time for other hosts to show up in <installation_directory>/bin/views. the default is 30 seconds. note: setting this property to an integer less than or equal to 0 disables the auto-detection of initial hosts. optional: to identify specific host machines as initial hosts, select the initial hosts for unicast property, click add property, and specify one or more hosts in the property value field. for example: 192.168.1.1[7800],192.168.1.2[7800], where 7800 is the default unicast port (unless you changed the port). the port number is not optional — it must be included and surrounded by square brackets [ ]. note: any hosts that auto-detection identifies are used in addition to the initial hosts that you specify here. click save. changes to this property do not take effect until the molecule or cloud molecule is restarted. you have the option to restart now or restart later. next stepsto switch back to multicast support, repeat step 5 setting the cluster network transport type property to multicast. then you can change the multicast address and multicast port properties, if needed.