if your account owns a local molecule or private atom cloud, you can set properties on the forked execution properties panel that affect how forked executions run. before you begin you must have the atom management privilege to set properties. if you have the atom management read access privilege, you can view existing settings, but you cannot change them. about this task forked execution properties are stored in your <installation_directory> in one or more of the following files: /bin/procrunner.vmoptions /bin/procworker.vmoptions /bin/procbrowser.vmoptions note: properties that you set on the forked execution properties panel do not affect any customized molecule or atom cloud script files that you might have created previously (such as procrunner.ps1, procworker.ps1, or procbrowser.ps1). if you continue to use those customized scripts, you must update them manually. procedure go to manage > atom management. select the molecule or private atom cloud from the list. in settings & configuration, click forked execution properties. note: the properties that you see are those that were in effect when the molecule or private atom cloud started. properties are displayed regardless of how they were set — through the integration user interface or manually by editing the procrunner.vmoptions, procworker.vmoptions, or procbrowser.vmoptions file. to set a property value on the basic tab, use the field next to the property name. each heap size property is stored in the appropriate vmoptions file—procrunner, procworker, or procbrowser. to set a property value on the advanced tab: click the advanced tab. select a property from the list and click add a property. enter a value in the property value field next to the property name. some errors can be detected immediately. a red box appears around the property if there are errors. the error messages appear below the box. these properties are stored in all three vmoptions files—procrunner, procworker, and procbrowser. to set a custom property on the custom tab: click the custom tab. click add a property. type the property in the property field. you must enter the complete property. for example, -djava.property or -dcom.property. any custom properties that you set are stored in all three vmoptions files—procrunner, procworker, and procbrowser. optional: to delete a property from the advanced or custom tab, click remove next to the property. click save. if errors are still detected, a warning message appears containing the names of the tab(s) on which there are errors. you must correct the errors before the properties can be saved. most of the properties that you set take effect with the next forked execution. the exception is atom worker properties. because atom workers remain active until their time to live expires, properties in the /bin/procworker.vmoptions file take effect the next time an atom worker is started. if you want those properties to take effect immediately, you can stop and restart an atom worker.