now that you have successfully built your second process, you are ready to test it. you test your second process to process the data and make sure that there are no errors in the process. additionally, during the test, an email is sent to dr. smith's patients letting them know that dr. smith is retiring. in a real world scenario, you would likely use a test email address until you are finished with the process rather than the actual patients email address. that is why we had you use your email address for the patient's email. before you beginbuild your second process. about this taskyou are ready to test your second integration process. when you test a process, you can see the progress and the results as each shape is tested. procedure click the test button () in the upper-right corner of the canvas. if you have made any changes to your process without saving it, select one of the following options: click revert and reload. this option discards unsaved changes to all components in the process, reverting and reloading them to their last saved revision. click save. click cancel. in the test window, select the atom on which the process should execute. if you have not already installed an atom as part of the prerequisites for your first process, you are prompted to install one before continuing. optional: if extensions are enabled for your account, click the test extensions arrow to configure extension values. click the run test button (). the process canvas background turns gray, indicating that you are in test mode. you cannot edit the process. while a shape is being tested, it is highlighted in yellow. if an error occurs, an error message dialog opens, and the shape is highlighted in red. if the shape passes the test, it is highlighted in green and the test continues to the next step in the process. resultscongratulations! your process runs successfully and you receive an email about dr. smith retiring similar to the following example. we hope this tutorial was easy to follow, yet robust enough to show you the strengths of the boomi platform, process building, shapes, connectors, process testing, and more so you are comfortable building your own processes to make it faster and easier for you to unify data, systems, applications, processes, and people. explore the integration documentation and boomi community for instructions on completing other tasks and for conceptual and reference information about the boomi platform.