the process mode option determines how a process will execute regarding performance and logging. it is particularly important for listener processes that are used for apis and event-based integrations. process modes process mode description general default mode for all processes. general mode produces a complete execution history on the process reporting page, including process- and document-level logs and document payloads. general mode is typically used for scheduled batch processes which are longer running and do not require minimal response time. bridge provides increased performance over general mode for short-lived (less than 30 seconds) listener processes by reducing the logging level. bridge mode provides execution history on the process reporting page, including process- and document-level logs but does not capture document payloads.bridge mode is typically used for high-volume, api or event-based processes that require high performance but also require individual execution history and logging, such as receiving orders or synchronizing transaction records. low latency provides maximum performance for short-lived (less than 30 seconds) listener processes by eliminating virtually all logging. low latency mode does not provide any execution history or logging on the process reporting page and does not capture document payloads. summarized execution activity is provided on the real-time dashboard.note: you can choose to log execution failures in low latency mode on the process options panel.low latency is typically used for high-volume, api or event-based processes where the absolute minimum response time is required and individual execution history details are not critical, such as handling api query requests.for more information, see low latency processes. general usage considerations the process mode and the process' start shape configuration are interdependent. general mode can be used with any connector or start shape type, including listeners, however low latency and bridge mode are applicable only for connector listen actions. not all connectors with a listen action support low latency or bridge mode. see the documentation for each connector for supportability. when deploying a process configured as bridge or low latency mode to an atom cloud (either boomi's public hosted clouds or a privately hosted cloud), executions will run in an atom worker if the given cloud attachment has been provisioned with an atom worker. the number of concurrent executions and maximum execution duration is determined by how the atom worker is configured. when deploying a listener to an atom cloud runtime, configuring as low latency or bridge mode provides the most immediate response to clients. to assist with troubleshooting and debugging web services server (wss) and flow services server (fss) listener processes configured as bridge or low latency mode, a specific parameter can be included in the request to temporarily execute the process in "low latency debug" mode. this causes that single execution to run in general mode with a complete execution history, including logs and document payloads. for more information, see the "disabling low latency process mode for single executions" section in low latency processes. detailed comparison search:columngeneralbridgelow latencylow latency debug generalbridgelow latencylow latency debug typical use cases default mode for new processes. provides full visibility of execution logging and document data capture.for example, scheduled or batch integrations such as application, data, and file data synchronizations. high-volume, api or event-based integrations. details of individual executions are needed, but some throughput is sacrificed.for example, receiving inbound orders or other important business transactions. very high volume, api event-based integrations. details of individual executions are not needed. maximum throughput is priority.for example, extremely high volume web requests or api lookups. temporary troubleshooting of low latency or bridge mode processes. runs the single execution in general mode with full execution logging and document data capture.note: applicable only to wss and fss connectors. supported connector actions any listen only listen only listen only runs in atom workers(applicable only when deployed to an atom cloud) nonote: there is an advanced property for atom cloud to force http and as2 listeners to run in an atom worker even when set to general mode. yes yes yes execution history available in process reporting yes yes no (only for errored executions, optionally) yes generates process log yes yes no (only for errored executions, optionally) yes generates process state yes no no yes generates document log yes yes no (only for errored executions, optionally) yes view document data yes no no yes executions can be retried yes no no yes captures document tracked fields yes yes no (only for errored executions, optionally) yes dashboard visibility account account real-time account setting the process mode you can set the process mode in the process component. after modifying the value, you must repackage and redeploy the process for changes to take effect. open the process, select process options, and choose a different mode. save the process. create a new packaged component and deploy it to the desired environment(s). for more information, see process options dialog. default process options per process mode several process options values are defaulted in the process' start shape based on the selected process mode. general bridge low latency allow simultaneous executions false true true capture run dates true false false only generate process log on error n/a n/a true there are some scenarios in which you might want to modify the default process options: if you have a listener process but still want complete execution details, set the process mode to general, but set allow simultaneous executions to true to receive multiple concurrent requests (typical use case) and capture run dates to false (not applicable).