you can upgrade the java version of an online atom, molecule, or atom cloud directly from the java information panel in atom management. about this task if you want to download the upgrade wizard instead of upgrading directly from the platform, select download the java upgrade wizard for the upgrade method and then click download and close. see the topic upgrading an atom or molecule to java 11 for more information.note: if the atom, molecule, or atom cloud is offline, download the java upgrade wizard is the default option. important: after upgrading the java version, you must perform a rolling restart for multi-node molecules or atom clouds. procedure in the integration user interface, navigate to manage > atom management. select the atom, molecule, or atom cloud that you want to upgrade and click java information. click update to java <version number>. a dialog box opens with the following information and options: current java version update to java version upgrade method migrate certificates jre preferences to upgrade directly from the boomi platform select ui upgrade for the upgrade method. note: steps 5 and 6 are available only for the ui upgrade method. (optional) select the checkbox next to migrate certificates if you want to migrate any certificates during the upgrade process and then locate the folder containing the jdk that your atom, molecule, or atom cloud is using next to certificate path. note: the certificates that can be migrated during this step are located in the /lib/security/cacerts directory. next to jre preferences, select one of the following options: switch the preferred jre to atom installation's jre directory - updates your atom with boomi's latest version of java and changes the location in the pref_jre.cfg file. the pref_jre.cfg file contains the path to the jre that the atom will use. do not make changes to the preferred jre - updates your atom with boomi's latest version of java but does not change the location in the pref_jre.cfg file. the pref_jre.cfg file contains the path to the jre that the atom uses currently. use external jdk for preferred jre - uses a custom distributed version of java 11. next to external jdk path, enter the location of the folder that contains the external jdk that you want to use. note: for switch the preferred jre to atom installation's jre directory and do not make changes to the preferred jre, if the atom is currently using the jre directory, the new java version is downloaded into the jre_backup folder, otherwise the new java version is downloaded into the jre directory. click update. a pop-up dialog box displays in the bottom right corner of the screen, indicating that the upgrade will begin shortly.